To start, its a beautiful venue. Definitely a hidden gem in the GTA. But please be very very careful and get everything in writing. George Christakis the co-owner of this venue and manager of Crystal Fountain is very devious and sketchy. 

We had checked out a few venues, one being Crystal Fountain, where we met George. He was definitely rude, and lacked professionalism. We left with a very bad impression.

Fast forward a few week, and we spotted Estate banquet, we emailed and arranged to meet up. We showed up and the one we had the appointment with was no where to be seen, having passed our meeting off to someone else without informing us. The venue is beautiful an price was in our budget and we wanted to proceed once we could work out the food details. My girlfriend did not like the unprofessional manner of George, whom I later found out when I asked is indeed the same George from Crystal Fountain.

We called George the next day to discuss food options, and he said yes everything we wanted we could have for the price we discussed. Tasting was included for 6 people. I asked him to send me an email confirming what we spoke about on the phone. When the email arrived it simply had generics such as "assorted veggies, assorted cakes, hors d'oeuvres" as well as a tasting for 2 people. As well he upped the amount of people we had to guarantee for the price.

When we called back to discuss, he verbally told us again what it would include, but when I asked him to email us specifics, he refused. In a very arrogant tone he informed us that he was an expert in his field, and he does not give specifics. That grilled veggies, will be based on what he can buy for that price when the wedding arrives, almost a year later. That it's his discretion what desserts and pastries he would provide. 

Needless to say, I told him unless we could establish a written contract outlining what he would be providing for the price we were paying, we would be walking away. He said no way is he going to put anything details down in writing, and that we were to trust him. We walked.

Please be very wary of this George, he is very unscrupulous. The venue itself it nice, and private, but no way was I going to ruin such a special day by getting involved with such shady business dealings.