I loved my little cake, but the owner is her own worst enemy to her business. A friend took me there because we went on a cupcake tasting that day. He said a better product was awaiting me as the grand finale. When I walked in the store, I didn't know who the owner was, until my friend pointed it out when we left. I wanted to take a look around, it was nicely decorated, but I could clearly see the person in charge slightly annoyed that I wanted to browse before buying. I explained it my first time at the store and she pushed me to buy a large cake. I explained again that I was not from Scottsdale and am only one person. So I'm not going to buy a large cake. When we started talking a bit more, I could see her employees sort of clam up. I had no idea what was going on. When I chose my little cake, any sort of customer service went out the window once the money transaction occurred.  She didn't even say, "Thank you," It was so unusual for a bakery or any business dealing with customers. I was upset and quite frankly, so angry that I wanted to turn around an return my cake and tell the owner to keep my money. I am not rich - I am passionate about bakeries and tour around when I'm in a new town to support local business. I was genuinely interested in hearing about the seasonal cake that she was trying to sell me. I had heard through other locals that they love the cakes, but not the owner when she's in the shop because she's so rude. I give this a two stars because I liked the cakes, but the service was very, very caustic that I could not justify scoring more. She cuts people off  - that was feedback I had received from previous customers. My local friends said that they cannot build rapport with the service workers there because there is always a new person. That made me wonder what was going on. I was trying to figure out how she stayed in business, but then heard she has a contract that keeps her afloat to sell cakes to a prominent medical clinic. I love the cakes there - the store is creative, but I sense a level of stress that turned me off. If it's the economy, that's one thing, but in the U.S., customer service is not taken lightly and I will probably seek out another Nothing Bundt Cakes for the product, but not return due to the principle of how rude the service was.