My husband and I ordered our wedding cake here. We saw this beautiful white 3 tiered pyramid shaped cake in a then really big Julia Robert's movie and really wanted that one. We went in to Baker Wee to see if they could make it. The owners were not there and we were told by the manager lady we spoke to that she will be the one making the cake anyway. She saw the movie too and knew exactly what cake we were asking for. We even made a 2D drawing of it, she wrote down her notes and took the order. She said she will rent the movie so she can take one more look at it before she makes it. Fast forward to our wedding day....we arrived at the restaurant where our dinner reception was and for the first time we got to see our cake. WOW! We almost fainted. I should include pictures because there's just no way to describe how ugly it was. The original agreement in size was a 12" x 12" square and 10-12" tall, like I said pyramid. We got an 8" square base, next layer 6" base and the top layer 4" base and the whole cake was 2 feet tall! It looked like a Chinese pagoda. The layers were on 4" tall sticks. And the best part: it was airbrushed with brown color like marble and had brown 1/2" diameter ball on the top.. -   Turned out, the owner (who has never seen the movie - or apparently a pyramid before ) ended up making the cake, never called us or the manager lady with questions, just tried to figure it out from the her notes. This was her understanding of it.  We were so embarrassed all night, everyone kept asking what the cake was supposed to be? We just kept saying: a snow white pyramid. Next morning we drove down to the bakery, furious. She said she will not refund the $300 we spent on it because she worked on it all day and she did her best. She said she was sorry and we can have a basic cake ($30 value) for free. We did get that cake a few week later for a birthday and never ever returned to Baker Wee again. It's very sad how greatly it impacted our special day. We should have demanded a refund but we gave up on the arguing back and fourth - it didn't change anything. After all we didn't want the money, we wanted the cake. So anyway, I would not recommend them if they were the last bakery, I  would rather make a homemade cake. I also wish there was a way to choose 0 stars on this on.