I can see why The Packhouse is not a packed house. (See what I did there?)

I already wasn't really thrilled about coming to this joint. I checked the reviews, they weren't really poppin. I looked at pics, weren't enough of them. And the menu looked... okay.

But I'm always down for something new and different and my homie was eager to check this place out, so why not?

Welp, it wasn't good my friend. 

I ordered the Packhouse burger; because, if you can't do a burger right, then something is seriously wrong. And it was ALL wrong. Not once but twice.

My other homie decides to get the same thing. She didn't want the tomato jam (she's allergic to tomatoes) and she wanted hers cooked medium well. I wanted the tomato jam and my meat to be cooked medium. You following so far? 

We both asked for the Mac and cheese as a side. Side note: why do they not have fries???!!! Not even sweet potato fries???!! Like forreal tho. Anyway, they bring out my homies burger and my other friends dish. They bring out my food last. There's a TON of mustard on my burger. Literally all I can taste is mustard. They killed my meat. Like if the cow wasn't dead before they cooked it, they made sure they killed it when they grilled it. And after a few bites I noticed I didn't have any tomato jam. Come to find out they switched me and my homies Burgers. Although her meat was well done and dry as well. My homie is breaking out (tomato allergy) and I'm just over the burger. 

They were nice enough to comp our burgers and asked if we wanted new ones. We were good with that. They also said they would give us free dessert. OKAAAAY!!!

New Burgers come out, they get the toppings right and the chef wasn't as enthusiastic with the mustard the second go round. HOWEVER! My meat was still dry and over cooked. {sigh}.... whatever. I couldn't finish the burger. Like the meat was a choking hazard. 

The Mac and cheese was aight. I love Gouda, but it wasn't hittin it. Ah well.

My other homie said her crab cake was too juicy. I didn't get much else from her meal but she did say this place was 2 star worthy as well. 

Also we get the complimentary bread and butter AFTER we get our food. The homie has to ask for the bread and butter. Strange and not needed at that point. 

The desserts (forgot to take pics) were actually really good. The hummingbird cake was moist and not too sweet. I don't like nuts but I had several bites anyway cause the flavor was really good. 

The oatmeal cream pie cookie joint was pretty good but again I'm not a fan of nuts and thick creamy icing. But anyone who is down for this, would love it! 

So there you have it. 

The service was top notch. I gave more than 20% of what my bill would have been because I can't fault the staff, but I'm sorry guys, the food needs some work. 

The location and setup is dope. The vibe is chill and everyone is really attentive and nice. If they work on the food, I can see this place getting packed with the quickness.