This was my first visit to Top Golf, and I brought two family members visiting for the holidays.  The overall concept is quite fun - as an activity alone, we would rate this 5 stars - it is REALLY fun and something you can imagine yourself doing over and over as a social event.  Why two stars, you ask?

There are major issues with this place that test your patience.  First off, when you walk in, its total pandemonium (we came here at 3pm on Friday).  There are two line queue's but no signage or help as to what the lines are for, or where to even stand in line.  As it turns out, the first line is the "membership line" - everyone needs a $5 membership.  

The second line, is to "check in" - by which they scan your new membership card and ask whether you want a bay on a specific floor.  

Both of those tasks sound SO easy - and they should be - yet we still waited in line for about 40 minutes to accomplish these two tasks.  The entire time, we and everyone else in line are talking about how inefficient this place is and you would think the managers would see this once, and rearrange things to make it easier.  After all, we really wanted a beer - we could have been through two rounds at the bar in the same amount of  time we spent waiting around to check in.  

After all that, we still went to the bar and had two rounds while we waited.  Good selection of beer, bartenders were fast to see that we wanted booze and wasted no time in getting it.  

Then, we get our text message - our bay is ready, requiring us to go muscle into the line and tell the check in staff we are ready (which then irritates everyone in line because you are obviously butting in), but thats the way they like it here I guess.  

We head to our bay with a "bay concierge" that gives us the down low on the mechanics of play.  Its not the most intuitive thing in the world, but it works.  

We start hitting balls and our waiter shows up.  He literally walks us through the entire menu, page by page, explaining burgers, and appetizers, and frozen margaritas like we had never been to a pub before and didn't know what a "slider" was.  (Mind you, you pay by the hour at this place, so someone taking your time is quite annoying).  We order a bucket of beer and chips and guac, and shoo him off and get back to our golf.  Beers arrive, chips arrive - and our waiter arrives..... and stays.... and gets all chatty about football and where my family is from, and his Grandma in Colorado, and what it was like working after Christmas, and all sorts of topics that none of us care to talk about.  ugh, leave us alone - we are here for golf and beer, not a new pal.

When the chips came out, one in my party leaned over to the server and said, "do you know one thing thats missing in this place?"  The server leaned in all interested.... "napkins - there are no napkins on the table".  Our server launched into a story about why there are no napkins - another server spilled a huge tray of soda into a bussing cart and that knocked over someones golf bag, and on and on and on..... and no napkins.  He stopped talking and stared at us - and we asked him, "could we have napkins?" - and there was this 'oh yeah' moment - he was oblivious at times.

So, we shoo waiter off to get another bucket of beer and a refill of chips, and he comes back with the beer, and no chips (and again, all chatty - does this guy have other tables?).  The refill of chips took about 20 minutes.  We came at an odd time, and we were expected home for dinner, but the burgers and sandwiches on other tables looked very good.

The kicker though, was that near the end of our session, our new buddy server out of the blue told us that the day after Christmas, there was a five hour wait, and they ran out of food, and booze, and kegs, etc.  He told us that they were going to get a lot of negative reviews for that on an email service card that is sent to you the next day after playing.  He asked us if we wouldn't mind marking everything 5 stars because they really needed the good marks, and he would buy us desert if we said yes.  

OK, this is the business guy in me coming out now, but the whole reason for getting feedback from your customers is to IMPROVE and figure out where you are failing.  The fact that you have a 40 minute check in process, or that you ran out of beer one night, or that there are no napkins on the table, or that there seems to be tons of staff walking around but not helping the bottlenecks - these are ALL issues that management needs to be aware of - but instead, they try to bribe you so that you will rate them the way they want to be rated.  If I owned this place, I would be PISSED off.   

Again, its a really fun concept, but it will try on your nerves big time.