Took my kids here to hang out on one fine 72 degree sunny Saturday in February. Going over the bridge, coming from Aliante Casino, you cant miss the nice view of the waterfall that is at the forefront of the park.

Too bad this and the playground were the only nice things I can vouch for. 

The playground is a nice fenced in little area that has a decent amount of playground equipment, swings, slides, tables, and benches. I like the soft material they use that the playground equipment is built on. There is also a sand lot area that has dinosaur bones as props. The day we went, the playground was packed. Kids were running into each other as they went down the slides. There were kids actually waiting to get on the swings! 

After a while we decided to walk around to check out the rest of the park. We see ducks everywhere especially in the pond that has the nice waterfall going into it. Unfortunately, this is where the "nice stuff" ends. Everywhere on the paths we were walking on were green duck crap. Which brings the question, "Is there some kind of spray or force field they have on the playground?" Because there were no ducks or green duck crap anywhere in the playground. Im also curious as to how many people would actually spread out a blanket and have a picnic on the grass for the crap was all over that as well. Just doing this review im starting to get grossed out thinking about that day.

After carefully trying not to step on any crap going to the car, I made a mental note to make sure to mention all the green crap I saw in this review and to not hesitate in mentioning it to everybody I know that is either making plans on coming here or are just thinking about it. The only thing positive I can think of about that is to come here if you are on a diet. After seeing all the green crap, you probably wont be having much of an appetite and you definitely will get some exercise trying to avoid stepping on the stuff. 

So, yeah, im not worried about coming back to this place any time soon in this lifetime. (You think?). Lol. Maybe as a duck.