I've heard great things about Toast for breakfast and lunch so thought we might get it a try for dinner...  We walked in around 6:30pm on a Friday night,  the restaurant was about half filled. There were plenty of seats in the the front of the restaurant but our party of four was seated in the very back beside the bathrooms and back door.  We sat there for a few minutes (not wanting to be difficult or affecting the order in which the servers were sat)  but  we really couldn't take the cold draft from the back patio door and constant bathroom visits.  We politely ask if we could move to the front.  The hostess obliged but didn't seem too happy about it.  The same server continued to wait on us once we sat in the front (we were glad because we did not want to make him lose a table) .  
We were brought a loaf of soft bread to table, pretty tasty but the butter is a little different.  It is a sweet butter with orange zest.  
We were told they were out of the ricotta ravioli (the dish I happened to be eyeing) but was told they can substitute the mushroom ravioli.  I ordered the mushroom ravioli,  my husband the lasagna, our friends ordered the chicken pot pie (all white meat), and chicken Marsala with ravioli side.   The server came back out and told us there was only enough ravioli for one of us...... so my friend changed his order to the green beans and mashed potato side. When our  meals came out they served him ravioli, he was told by the server they found some ravioli in the back- um okay, would have been nice to know before he got his meal as he was already looking forward to eating the dish he thought he ordered.  He was served a 2 mushroom ravioli and 1 ricotta (which he said was much better than the mushroom). 
I was told by my friends that the chicken Marsala and chicken pot pie were good. My husband's lasagna was good but very rich!! I could only eat a couple bits, he couldn't finish it.  My mushroom ravioli was bland and tasteless. The cream sauce was very watery. I did not enjoy my main dish at all.  
On the bright side though, we all got salads and really enjoyed them. I had the small blue wedge salad. It was a large portion with fresh cooked crispy bacon on top. Really good! 
 Our server disappeared  while we were eating our meal.  The lady who had been refilling our waters took over our table and closed our checks.  As we were leaving, we see our server  sitting behind the bar, playing on his phone and chatting with other guests....
We probably will not be returning to Toast for dinner. It just seemed way to pretentious and we were not impressed by the food or the 93.5 sanitation grade.