AWFUL AWFUL PEOPLE! I'm only giving them one star because I can't post otherwise, but they're not even worth that. I used MovingAPT.com to find them - won't ever use them again either. I thought having an agent would prevent this kind of crap from happening. I don't even know where to start with my complaints; this entire move was a mess from the beginning due to lack of communications and professionalism. I paid extra for a specific move date and time, as well as a 'special handling fee' because of my piano. 

When they arrive for the pick-up - 2 days late 6 hours after they were supposed to be there - they didn't come prepared for a piano. My dad and uncle had to find 2x4's to use as a ramp and help the movers hold it and roll it off the porch. This is a stage piano, the wheels aren't really meant for rolling around cement! After loading everything and telling my parents they were headed my way (Virginia), my stuff is taken from Wyoming to Seattle, then back to Vegas where it was put in storage without my knowledge or permission. I only found out because I kept calling to see the whereabouts of the truck so I could plan accordingly. After repeated phone calls, and finally the threat of legal action, my items were put back on a truck and started the journey East. 

Finally, they call to tell me they'll be there on June xx, which is exactly during the 3-day window I said I would be out of the state and not be able to receive the truck - again, all covered BEFORE the contract was even signed. So I'm told if I can't get a friend to meet them at my house and let them in, they'd go on to New York with my stuff and I'd have to pay an additional fee to get it, whenever they brought it back to me, which would be at their discretion. Luckily, I was able to get a hold of someone and coordinate with them to receive the shipment, upon which he started taking pictures the moment the truck was opened. (see below). After they had unloaded everything and AFTER I had confirmed 3 times over the course of this month that they had the proper equipment, they realize that in fact, they don't have anything to move the piano. So they decide they'll go to Home Depot, hire random men, and carry/lift the piano into my house. You don't LIFT a piano! So my friend that's there says no, it's too heavy, you need the proper equipment, I suggest you go find it. So then they tell him that they need to get on the road to New York for their next job so they'll just go put my piano in a warehouse until I was back so I'd let them deliver it. Again, they're told no, at which point the driver calls me while I'm in the airport and says if I don't let them into my house I'd have to pay a second delivery fee. I told them not to leave the state with my piano and I'd call them right back - so I call my friend and ask what's going on; he gives me the scoop. I asked him if he'd run up the street - about 4 blocks from my house - and secure a storage unit that these guys could back the truck right up to the ramp, get the piano on a dolly and store it there for two days til I could get a professional. He said OK, and while I'm still on the phone, I hear him say exactly that to the driver. I call the driver back myself and say the same thing. I literally asked them to wait 15 minutes while we got this taken care of; he said OK. My friend leaves, gets the paperwork for a storage unit, comes back and these guys have unloaded the piano, ROLLED it down the sidewalk (no dolly), tried to lift it up my 4 steps, DROPPED it, eventually go it inside, and we're RUNNING TO THEIR TRUCK when my friend gets back. They hadn't given him the inventory sheets or had him sign anything, so he hollers at them and runs after. He had to jump in his own vehicle to chase them down and cut them off before they stopped. At that point they gave him the paperwork - still not signed - and took off again. 

As soon as I got home that same evening I went right to the piano to take a look and started taking pictures. I called the driver and asked what had happened. He said nothing, everything was fine, no damage. I called BS and told him I'm standing in my living room looking at the damage. He hung up and I've never been able to get a hold of these people since.