My wife and I flew out to Vegas for the 3-Day President's Day weekend and my 50th birthday.
I reserved the car on-line at Hertz a few days earlier: A Mercedes C-Class from the prestige collection. I selected the Reserve This Exact Model option so that we would get a Mercedes.  I also signed up for the Hertz Gold membership so that our car would be ready for us and we would be able to skip the usually long counter lines at the McCarran Airport.  
None of these things happened. 
Our reservation was for 3:00.  At 2:48 I received an email confirmation that my car was ready for me and even given a stall # to find the car and license plate # to identify the car and even the color-white.  When we got to the stall there was a car, but not the car I had reserved and received confirmation for.  So, I explain my situation to a couple of workers that were walking by and they tell me that there was a Mercedes there earlier but somebody else got it.  Somebody else got it?  It was in a stall reserved for me, right?
Ok, over to the office to STAND IN LINE anyway.  The counter worker tells me there are no Mercedes available.  I say I reserved one specifically (Choose Exact Model), one was supposedly waiting for me, and I had received an email telling me this.
He tells me he has a better car for me:  A Cadillac.  We go out to see the Cad and I see a Mercedes, a white one, and I ask for it.  He tells me it's held for someone.  I say Yah, me.  He says he can't do it.  I ask why not.  He says it's on hold for someone else.
I ask why the car I had on hold went to someone else and he could not explain it.
We look at the Cad and he tells me there are two to choose from and I would like it better than the Mercedes anyway.  Is that why there were 2 Cadillacs and 0 Mercedes available?
Anyway, I agreed to take the Cadillac but was left wondering what is so great about Hertz and their Gold Club?  I had to wait in line, I did not get the car I reserved and was PROMISED.
Time to start shopping around for a new rental car company.