Got here around 1:45, waited in line for about 15, not bad.  Bad happens now.  The placed jam packed and I cannot locate my friends for over half an hour.  They were playing pretty good music, too bad I couldn't enjoy myself because I was on a mission to find my friends.  I find my friends, one of them is drunk, super drunk.  Within five minutes of meeting them, one of them pukes and next thing I know is we are being forced to leave.  Did I mention I had to pay $30 + service fee to get in????  But that was just my luck, I can't blame the venue for things like this.  Would have been better if they granted re-entry upon the rest of us returning to the pool - no. Sure there are rules and one of them happens to be no re-entry, but absolutely no flexibility?  Especially at a place where bouncers ask for $200 to bribe them (yes, this apparently happened earlier in the day to my friends).  It's a nightmare trying to take care of a drunk person and get the belongings (one coat check, meaning we had to take other people's belongings too).  You are not allowed in the hotel unless you have your bottoms on (reason why we had to get everyone's stuff).  I was handed the room key and room number via text because we thought it would be easier to get back in (although chances were very slim) as opposed to two.  The security calls for paramedics and they come to do their simple check up.  I was pissed and annoyed but they were doing their job so no complaints from a sober person point of view so that was okay.  We got the okay to go and I took the friend up to the room.

I get back to the Beach Club and explained I had my other friends' stuff AND the room key without which they will not be able to get back into the hotel.  I cannot reach the other friend with a phone.  Shoot, I'm thinking I'm not coming to Vegas again.  One of the security people approached me and asked how my friend was, HOW WONDERFUL HE ASKED! Because I also explained to him my current situation and he talked to the other people at the door and they let me in. See?  There is the reasonable flexibility.  (hence, two stars, not one)

So here is my real experience at Encore Beach Club:

There is just too many people.  You are just standing in water jumping up and down OR doing the same thing outside the pool.  It is too packed.  Getting drinks at the bar is unimaginable - the line is just insane.  With that many drunk people still drinking, who knows how much pee is present in the water???

The lifeguards are annoying as hell, blowing the whistles for every single thing - no splashing, etc.  They all go insanely crazy when a guy gets on the stripper pole area even for a second, I thought an arrest was about to be made with so many whistles going off.

If you have no issues dropping the dough you could spend purchasing a very decent DSLR, go for the tables and cabanas with wait service.  Otherwise, not worth the entrance fee.  By entering here though you have a full excuse to be at the douchiest level possible for guys or to act as if you have no brain for girls so if that's what you want (seemed like that's what everyone else wanted at this place), go here without the $$$$$.  Standard party goers in Vegas but this place by far the worst.

Lock box is available for $20 by the entrance.

Not going back.