Terrible and expensive experience both times. First one was a year ago, when I requested the parts fellow to order me a new muffler. He said it would be in, in about 3 days. 5 days later I called, and he forgot to order it. 10 days later, I called them again, and they still forgot to order it, despite me being in front of the counter. 
Second situation was on Nov. 4 th, 2017. My 1998 Rav 4 was not carrying a charge despite me purchasing a new battery, the evening before. On that cold and snowy day, my wife and I broke down on 130th Ave S.E. . I managed to get the vehicle as far as the Safeway Parking lot, where we were stranded. I called the Canadian tire across the street and spoke to the manager. He told me to bring it right in. Well, we called a tow truck and waited for 2 and a half hours. No biggy there as it was a busy day for them as one could imagine. We brought the vehicle in on a large flat bead truck. I asked the mechanic, where did he want it; and he said anywhere. Once we dropped it; I went inside and spoke to Ron about the problems. Ron was a super nice guy. Very friendly. I mentioned to him, that there was a loose + positive cable clamp that had to be tightened. I needed to have the alternator checked as the new battery died on us . "After the repairs are completed Ron, could you please have them do a safety check on the vehicle please?" Here came the upsell. " Well, he said, we have 3 different types of safety checks. Then he felt a pressing need to tell me all about them and their respective prices. I cut him off short, and instructed him to provide me with the cheapest (100.00) safety check. 
Here in point form, were the blunders that were committed. 
1. Ron got my name wrong, my sex wrong, and all this with me standing in front of him and correcting him as he put an entirely different name on the key tag. I corrected him and even called back to ensure that the information on the work order was complete; but he didn't even bother to put down the much needed information. That's just plain unprofessional. 
2. I spoke to him about purchasing a new battery, just the night before, and that my + cable clamp was not tight. Despite this, he didn't bother to put any of this on the work order. 
3. Never informed me of the labor costs, part costs if it was a alternator and so forth
4.Never mentioned on the work order that the vehicle died while driving; but instead, said that it just stalled. 
5. The assistant manager " Dennis" called and left a message for me, that the Rav would not pass a safety test because that battery is not working, and a headlight bulb was out. (Well of course....why do you think it was there?) 
6. The assistant manager called me a second time at my residence later the next day; and informed me that my alternator would need replacing despite it being purchased new from one year previous. I asked him how much the alternator was and he gave me a rough cost. Then he said I would be charged. 1.2 ( which I guess was one hour and twenty minutes) for the labour. Fair enough I said, go ahead with the repair. At this point I figured;, it will be about 5 hundred dollars by the time they soak me for everything. 
7. Later that day I picked up the vehicle and it was way over and above at $683.00. When asked to explain the costs...they said they were too busy. 
8. When I arrived home, I looked at the invoice and noticed that they hadn't even taken the time to fill out the top of the safety check. Truth be known, they never probably checked a thing. No name, no policy number, no make model or year of the vehicle, no Vin number, no date...absolutely nothing!
9. Shop supplies was 35 dollars and some change. There are only two bolts that secure an alternator to it's bracket. Tell me where were there 35 worth there? 
10. The assistant manager couldn't provide me ( their customer) with the proper warrantee period for it, nor did he know how long safety checks are good for. 
** Now after all that, does this sound like a professional service to you? They should be ashamed for treating customer's this way. 
Needless to say; I won't be back for any service. They are reckless and unprofessional.