I have used a few different property management companies and never had such a horrible experience as I did with Paramount. I was having an issue with a non-working hot water heater which required a work order. The work order was put in and assigned to a vendor but the vendor cancelled. It was the day off during the time they should have been at my home. I told the vendor that was unprofessional and unacceptable so I would be contacting my property management. I was not rude just direct. I am a manager in one of the largest corporations so I know all about tone and customer service. Before I could call Paramount they called me. She did not let me speak or explain the issue before she advised me that I was rude and had no right to speak to the vendor that way. I tried to tell her I was not rude and she was not on the phone with us so why would she listen to a vendor over her own tenant. She said because I was a liar and she believed them since she had worked with them before. She continued to speak to me like I was not a paying tenant and yell at me like I was causing the issue. I had to remind her it is Paramounts legal obligation to provide water and hot water since I am the tenant. She said she was going to cancel my work order since I was rude and had issues. I am sorry but no matter how rude (which I wasn't) it is the property managements responsibility to make sure this is fixed. This was 3 days now with no hot water. I tried to explain I had just gotten home from the hospital from major surgery but she disregarded any empathy and continued to yell at me over the phone. I advised her I would be letting the Better Business Bureau know and the local housing agency. In the end, my husband ended up calling and her tone was totally different. She made it sound like I was the one who was irrational and upset but of course my husband believed me not her. She was speaking nicely to him until he advised her that he was my husband and he did not appreciate how she spoke to me. She then reverted back to her old self and had an attitude. He advised her that this is not how things work and it is their legal obligation to make sure this gets taken care of in a timely manner. He also stated he was an Army veteran and he gave her respect so she needed to give him respect and return. She continued to be reckless with her words so he ended the call with stating he would report Paramount to everyone he could. A manager and supervisor were asked for multiple times and she stated she was the person to talk to. We found out later that she was neither and was just an administrative assistant apparently on some type of power trip. I would never recommend this property management company because they treat their tenants like trash and have no sense of what customer service really is.