My first visit here was about 2 months ago. I'm not entirely sure when this place opened but I knew it was fairly new. Either way, I ordered the San Francisco Benedict. The atmosphere and everything seemed great. When my food arrived and I took a bite, I realized I had been given the wrong dish as this one was called the Sandi Benedict and had spinach in it. It wasn't a huge deal to me. I really just wanted avocado, so I let the waitress know I had been given the wrong plate. She said she'd fix it and went to the back. I decided to stop eating as I wasn't sure if they were just bringing avocado or if they were bringing a whole plate out. After about 5 minutes of my boyfriend eating and me waiting, a manager came over and asked if everything was okay. I replied that yes as the waitress said she was handling it. Another 5-10 go by and I hadn't heard anything. I was hungry and now my food was cold so I just started eating it. Finally, the waitress comes out and asks if the manager handled my issue. I told her that I told the manager she was handling it. She ran off to figure it out I guess. I ate my cold food and was very unhappy. The manager came over later and apologized and told me that the waitress hit the wrong item on the tablet and they are so busy with trainees that it was chaotic. She gave me a $13 voucher and did not charge me for my meal. She assured me that it isn't normally like that, so I accepted this and planned to return in the future. I would like to mention that the food was good, but the experience wasn't. 
I returned just this last Saturday intending to use the voucher and give them go #2. We had a young male server this time. He was nice and polite. I asked him how their herbal tea is (as that is all it was listed as on menu) and he said he hadn't tried it but knows it's some sort of seasonal harvest blend. I agreed to try it. When he brought it and ran off, I noticed he brought me coffee. I waited for him to come back around. I'm really trying at this point to give this place a chance but it was striking out again already. When he finally returned I clarified that I asked for tea, to which he said he thought I asked for coffee and he said he'd bring the tea. When the tea came, the water in the pot was basically almost room temperature. It was just lukewarm. I was sort of done trying so I just lived with it. I ordered the same thing I intended to have the last time. When the food finally came, my hash browns were nice and hot, but the eggs were again room temperature. Not even the slightest bit warm. I didn't complain. I just ate my cold food and made the decision I won't be returning any time soon. Again, the food is good (Should be at least warm) but my experiences here have not been the best. Maybe I'll give this place a year or so to get things together before returning. I've never been anywhere where I have had back to back not so great experiences. I gave it 2 stars for the food being okay alone.