I have to start this by saying my first trip to Doan's was 3.5/4 star material - slow service but friendly, I enjoyed a delicious veg/tofu pho (in a beef broth) and my dining companion ordered a bun with nicely flavored meats and a pretty good spring roll on top - but my second visit made me wonder.

I was out with my sister when we realized we were hungry, and were in the mood to have a beer or glass or wine with dinner, I couldn't remember if Doan's was serving yet so I called while on the road and a woman informed me they do sell beer and wine, but not liquor. Worked for us. My sister is also a vegetarian and although I couldn't remember if I saw a veg section in the menu, we did find one online so we figured we were safe, and then we arrived... First, our waitress informed us they don't serve alcohol yet. Um, okay? After a ridiculous wait to get someones attention to ask if they had a veg menu supplement, we were informed by a waiter that they used to, but have since chucked it. Great. Unfortunately he was unwilling to point us in any direction or give us any veg friendly options. Okay, back to the menu.

I ordered the rocket shrimp and the bun with chik/pork/springrolls (after they informed me they don't serve the banh xeo listed on their menu). My sister ended up ordering the wonton soup with tofu/veg and the tofu/veg pad thai. My food was fine, but for her, she ended up with a plain wonton soup and the seafood pad thai. If it hadn't taken so long to get the first round of food she would have sent it back, and the waitress was very grateful she didn't want to send it back and that she agreed to pick around the seafood and eat the dish. My sister then asked for a few steamed veggies on the sides to supplement the lack of vegetables in her pad thai, the waitress agreed without issue. 

Everything seemed okay, though the veggies arrived in a completely different sauce, but when we got the bill I was a little surprised. Not only did we have to pay for the seafood pad thai that we clearly did not order (and all the seafood was left stacked on the side of the plate), we also had to pay for the side of vegetables! seriously?? It was only a few dollars more in the end, but included with the lack of service (in a fairly empty restaurant), there are just better places in town to get great tasting Vietnamese food with better service. Sorry Doan's, maybe next time.