This place sucks sucks sucks. My refrigerator leaks on the inside over all of my food and leaks on the outside all over the kitchen floor. They say they have 24 hour maintenance and they will not show up outside of regular working hours. They have an answering service that takes a message and they don't get back to you the next day. You still have to call again. They came into my house rearranged things to get to a valve and did not put anything they moved back. When I asked if they were going to, they rudely rolled their eyes and said, "probably not." The women in the office are rude overall. They are rude when I ask for my packages, as though it's such a pain for them to get up and get them. They are stuck up and fake. The pool is so cold I can't stand being in it for one second. No one picks up their dog feces. They never have bags for people to pick up their dog feces because one person steals them all for themselves and the lazy ass office bitches refuse to fill it up even though one of them works every day. You hear random dogs barking all day. It NEVER stops. You hear dogs barking from the ghetto behind the building too. People from the neighborhood break-in and use the pool and work out room. It is such a high crime area, there is no way to safely take a walk without being mugged. The work out room is so small that it's hard to get a machine because of the people from the hood next door using the facilities. There is no where to recycle and you can bet I got a rude answer when I asked if there was one. There is no outgoing mailbox. You can leave your mail on a table in the office and hope no one steals it. However, that entails looking at the 3 wise bitches in the office. The maintenance man is nice, but obviously overworked from the crappy buildings he has to service. He looks suicidal every time I see him. A fire broke out and burned 3 apartments because of faulty wiring (which means any of ours could go next). Just when you think your silence about all of the issues going on here has paid off, they increased rent over $100 to renew my neighbors lease. Then they tell him that he has to give them 2 months notice when he was paying month to month. I do not want to get into the poor construction. It has the usual thin walls and difficult to clean surfaces. You can hear everything from your neighbors having sex to the bass from their music. There is no parking at all. Just your car and another one behind you. There is maybe 5 spots inside the gate and everyone else has to walk a country mile to get to your apt. There is no grass for your dog to run. Just some feces-filled gravel for them to get diseases off of.