Britney is one of the few stars that has ever existed that can command an entire arena, that emits spiritual and psychic positive energy through her voice and performance that has the power to change how an audience feels.  I have seen this countless times, at nightclubs: boring after boring song comes on, but when the DJ plays Britney suddenly the room erupts.  Very few performers had the ability to do this, in history.  Michael Jackson, Elvis Presley, Judy Garland... the names on this list are surprisingly few.  However, Britney Spears is one of them.  She has the power to illuminate a room, and the World, with her work.  I am not quite sure she realizes this, she is probably far too humble, which is an integral part of  her mysterious Greatness... but I digress.

I did not feel the staff at the Axis theater were worthy of her.  They were rude, rushed me into my seat and out of the theater just as soon as they could, and I barely had time to buy a tee- shirt.  I snuck next to the glass display to take a picture next to the "oops" outfit, and they practically yelled at me.  More so than anything they actually did, their demeanor was extremely GRUFF.  I can't think of a better way to put it.  Nothing exactly happened... no one slapped me in the face or kicked me in the arse... but their words were short, rude, aggravated, impatient, and unsympathetic to a fan that had traveled 5 hours that very day (from Los Angeles) to see his idol.

I am a huge fan of Elvis as well, so we stayed at the previous Hilton where he'd performed and had a fine time touring Elvis' old dressing room. We went to 1 Oak, had a Crab Buffet, and had a mini shopping spree at the Forum Shops. But of all the fun things we did AFTER, I could not shake in the back of my mind the negative cloud of what I'd experienced at the place that drew us to Vegas to begin with.  These people need to realize how much being in that theater means to some people... it is almost a spiritual experience.  When Britney levitated from the tree during Toxic, I almost felt my soul levitate, too! 

Shame on them, for poisoning such a momentous experience.  As usual, ignorant peons in the world will spoil Greatness.  But there is enough negativity in the world, a point I think Spears herself combats with her positive soul and music.  There need not be any negativity in the arena of a performer who does so much to expunge the world's ugliness, and there need not be unhappiness spread in the very Pantheon where Spears herself is employed to make us happy.  She was born to make us happy, that is her soul's purpose... so let her do so without the grumblings of those who can only think of what they are going to have for dinner after their shift is over. 

Sincerely,

Nicholas Kafantaris