I went to Streetcar Po-Boys fully intent on enjoying an authentic Louisiana po-boy.  The restaurant is in a sketchy area of town, literally right next door a strip club.  They're located in a run down building, which still reeks of the days it spent as a Chinese restaurant.  Everything is in disrepair: there is a large piece of plywood in the middle of the front door, perhaps from a prior break-in?, the carpet is worn down to nothingness, the fluorescent lights are overwhelming, and blinding, which exposes and magnifies every fault of the restaurant.  There is nothing cohesive about the interior of this restaurant, and the senses are left confused and probably offended.
The menu is decent, it is after all a sandwich shop.  The po-boys all sound enticing, with everything from crawfish and oysters, to turkey and gravy, and even a vegetarian option.  The sweet tea is authentic, and the servers are incredibly warm and welcoming, and after ordering, for a brief moment, you're left feeling optimistic.
But here again, the weird, decrepitness of the restaurant messes everything up.  You find yourself sitting in weird booths that seem to have come out of a 1950s diner, being served drinks in Caesar's Palace cups, staring at open shelving that's yellowed over time, and now contains a hodgepodge of low-quality bulk restaurant items.  Heat lamps are hung clumsily from yellow chains, low-quality, inkjet printed signs are posted everywhere, the kitchen doors seem to be bloated from water damage, and there's a pervasive odour of old Chinese food mixed with mould.  It's sad, and I was waiting to see Gordon Ramsey come screaming out of the kitchen, cursing everything.
The food, was mediocre at best.  The fried pickles were super oily, the meat used on the sandwiches was the lowest, lowest, lowest quality.  I ordered the "Ragin Cajun," which was to come with turkey, gravy and fries.  I thought it would come with shaved, fresh turkey slices, smothered in hot gravy, and loaded with fries.  Nope.  Two flimsy turkey slices, made from waaaay over processed "meat," and about 5 french fries literally smashed atop the "meat."  It was served warm-ish, with a stingy amount of fries on the side.  The meat was so gross, I couldn't eat it.

Overall, with even the slightest investment, this could be a great Las Vegas eatery, but it's location, the building, and the low-quality ingredients make it so I'll never go back, and I certainly won't recommend it to anyone - and in the restaurant industry, that's the kiss of death.