Made my online reservation with Hertz as part of my airline discount package in order to rent a car for the weekend of Electric Daisy Carnival 2011. Everything within an hour Vegas was BOOKED solid, and I mean solid. I was able to find one of the lodges 2 hours out of town that had space, so I was set. 

***Here is the important part of the entire review: I got a discount because it was PREPAID.

I got off of work, made it to the airport on time, checked in early, everything a-ok, even had my print out of my reservation and info to pick up my car rental at 10pm on Friday. I go to the ticket counter, and the staff is taking their time. Fine, I can still make it to the lodge on time and check in. This is also important, because the front desk is not open 24 hours. After midnight your screwed. The receptionist was willing to wait up til 1am for me to check in, though. But no later, as this place is so small no one else is at the desk until 5am. With only a few people in line in front of me, I should be ok.

Nope. Staff is so incompetent and computer system is so archaic that 30 minutes passes before the NEXT person is served. The manager tries to get people to use the Hertz electronic kiosk, as she can tell we are all frustrated with how SLOW the service is. I'm a savvy travel and think this should not be a problem and take the kiosk route with a few others. But the couple in front of me have issues with their reservation, and flag down the manager to help them (she is VERY pregnant and can't deal with the stress of 10 minutes of nothing working).

My turn at the kiosk. I try several different methods to get my reservation. Scan my print out. Type in my reservation number. Put in my credit card info again. 15 minutes of attempts, and nothing. By now I would've been in the front of the line. Finally the kiosk recognizes me, and tells me to SEE AN ATTENDANT about my issue. I get back in line and wait another 10 minutes before anyone can help me (thank God they didn't put me in the BACK of the line again). 

At this point I WASTE another 10 minutes as the reservations agent at the terminal can't get my reservation to go through, despite the print out and online info on my phone. THEY ARE SURE WILLING TO TAKE YOUR MONEY, BUT NOT GIVE YOU THE CAR. They cannot take the credit card I provided. YET THEY WERE ABLE TO TAKE THE MONEY. 
When I showed them that I had been charged already (yes, I brought out my bank transactions, this has happened before and this usually works) they STILL WOULD NOT RENT ME THE CAR I HAD ALREADY PAID FOR. 

Now the manager gets involved, as she can sense my frustration with the staff to a perfectly simple and logical transaction. And what can she do about it? Nothing. Not willing to get on the phone and talk to Hertz, or to over ride. Is this for REAL? A rental service that operates 24 hours a day and you can't get anyone on the phone to fix this issue? And she wasn't going to try? EVEN THOUGH THE RESERVATION FOR THE RENTAL WAS PREPAID AND YOU TOOK MY MONEY?!

By now in my anger I had missed the call that the receptionist at the lodge was checking in with me. Whatever TIME I had buffered to make it to the extended deadline to check in at the lodge was now SLIPPING AWAY. Knowing that my frustration was mounting, I walked away and waited in line at another car rental agency and got a car. 

That's right. Walked up, waited in line 5 minutes, talked to an agent from a competitor and got them to MATCH MY CAR TYPE AND DISCOUNT with HERTZ and get the paperwork car within 10 minutes TOTAL. I went back to the HERTZ desk and asked to make sure I was getting a REFUND FOR A CAR RENTAL THAT WAS PREPAID THAT I WAS  *NOT* GETTING. 

Guess what the manager said?

No.

At this point I cussed out the agent that initially helped me and the manager because they know NOTHING about customer service. You can't release the cat to the same credit card you were MORE THAN WILLING TO TAKE PREPAID MONEY FROM, and WON'T REFUND THE MONEY when you can't give me the car. No print out that says I was NOT given my car when I call Hertz billing come Monday. 

By now it's 11:30pm Friday night when I drive off in a non-HERTZ car, and I have to fly like a bat out of hell to make the deadline at the lodge. I would have to deal with Hertz later, as I had wasted enough time with them.

I've rambled enough, but in short guess who SLEPT IN THE CAR in the parking lot of the lodge? Surely it wasn't a HERTZ car that I slept in, no sir-ree -bob! 

In summary, even with all the paperwork, print outs, online info and correct identification info on my person, HERTZ would not rent me my prepaid car, nor would they refund it. Due to the length of incompetent  time and poor service I received at Hertz, I did not make my reservation on time at my lodging. 

AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE.

p.s. Guess who is on hold with Hertz billing as I write this?