Whatever you do, stay away from any free deal these people offer for you to sit through their timeshare presentation!!! On the paperwork it says the presentation lasts for 2-2 and a half hrs. Well when we showed up, our salesman told us we would be with him for the next 3 hrs. He was so nice at first, got along with my friend and I, laughed a lot and then when we asked how much the timeshare was, he wouldn't answer and kept changing the subject. He took us outside to show us the "beautiful view" which was dead desert. Not too beautiful to me. He walked us to the common room where people hangout and watch tv, everyone had to be 75 yrs and older, I am 30. It seemed more like a retirement home than a timeshare. I noticed it had been over two hrs and thanked him for his time but we weren't interested. He said we were not allowed to leave until the 3 hrs was up. I told him I signed a paper which said I only had to stay for two to two and a half hrs. He said if we left we would not receive the free things we were promised. So at this point we have literally been blackmailed and kidnapped since what I signed said I could leave after two hrs.  I figured we could tough it out since it would only be another 45 minutes. That 45 minutes felt longer than the first 2 hrs. These guys don't know the word no, they do not listen to you and they turn into assholes after they know you won't buy from them. I said no about 30 times and the manager walks up, tells us a guy is selling his timeshare and I can get it for the price of $12,000. Half price of what the timeshare was (which was a complete lie) I said no. He then lowered it to $4,000. Again, I said no. He then offered me the timeshare for free and all I had to do was pay the $1,000 taxes each year and put down $1400 today and my week stays would be the $209 a week. I swear if I had to hear them say " and for ONLY $209 a week you can stay ANYWHERE in the world" one more time, I was going to scream. They made my friend cry out of frustration of not allowing us to leave  at the 3 hr mark and they kept pressuring us and wouldn't sign the paper saying we finished the presentation. It was like they wanted to make us so mad I would just sign up so they would shut up. When you don't listen to a girl when she says no, hold her against her will and make her cry and say sexual remarks about her body the entire time it's a close feeling to being sexually abused.....not okay.....At 3 hrs and 20 minutes we were finally told we could leave.....finally free. We were sent to another room to tell a man how our presentation went. As my friend was still crying we told him how awful it was. He had to fill out a questionnaire on our answers and the question on the page said "how was the presentation" after we told him how awful they were to us I saw him write "good" on the answer line.....he straight up lied on their questionnaire! I then was sent to another man to get my 4 free nights at the Luxor and my $200 deposit back. He said it would take two days to be put back into my account. It took over a week. When we got on the bus, everyone had similar stories. I was the only one who was dumb enough to put a $200 deposit down. So if you do want to visit Hell on earth for free stuff, you do NOT have to put the deposit down! Don't do it. We all agreed it was not worth the free stuff they promise.