I do not get what everyone is talking about; I am guessing all of these reviews are from young hipsters or pretentious middle age drones looking for some cool in their life. Let me start by saying that I enjoy what I call "casual elegance." I like good upscale food, in a modern, casual atmosphere, with a laid back nice, but down to earth vibe. Somewhere like SIX PENN Kitchen or something. I decided to come here after reading many great reviews on Yelp. This place is comical, trys wayy to hard!

It is very small, tables very close. Low ceiling/dark paint so it feels very claustrophobic. It does describe itself as a lounge so I will give them that; if you like swanky lounge vibe this place is actually pretty nice. Too dark and small for my liking. The waiter, dressed in his skinny jeans and pompadour brought over a bottle of tap water to pour. We politely decline b/c I didn't want water so why waste it..ya know. He seemed offended that I didn't want water, he offered us wine, and we declined, I just wanted a diet coke because I was on call for work and could not drink. He became aloof, almost took it as a personal assault that we didn't want wine!

I ordered an appetizer and the waiter asked my BF which one he wanted, the waiter said, "Oh you want to share the appetizer" I said I assumed it was for 2 people, as most appetizers at almost any place can serve more than one person, and it didn't specify that they were single serve. The waiter was rude, as if I should have already known this information. 

So we were brought bread, a variety and this was actually fantastic. I was thinking that my meal would be great and the stuffy atmosphere would be worth it...I was wrong. I had pork shoulder that tasted like Walmart/enhanced meat. It was tough, fatty. Served with puree sweet potato that tasted like baby food. BF had "seared" tuna, that was just rubbery, nasty, no flavor. I'd give the meal 4/10...no lie a pork dinner from Bob Evans is better. 

I think this place needs to learn that sometimes less is better. Simple dishes can be better, dont need a thousand ingredients to be good. Overall the the atmosphere is what kills it. Its forced elegance. 

Pass. There are plenty of good places in the Burgh that have excellent food, but are comfortable and laid back, but still elegant.