Woof woof, *pant*, *pant*, *pant*, woof woof  (I'll get back to this).

Keeping it real, this is an eatery created by a marketing group for a TV personality rather than a chef driven restaurant.  Words like fresh, farm raised, organic are replaced by outta bounds, awesome, righteous,  slam dunk, mack daddy.  The flavors are very bold, bordering on over the top.  Most components of a dish compete rather than compliment.    Not a big deal if you spent the evening smoking a couple of cigars or killed your pallet on a packs of cigs.

For "shareable",  respectable "sashimi won-taco" (fried won ton skin shaped like a taco shell filled with ahi mixed with a mango jicama salsa and topped with an odd sweetened soy and a wasabi aioli).  Passable but the aioli adds a flabbiness to the dish and obscures the flavor of the fish.  The "fondue dippers" are bizarre.  Breadsticks are wrapped in pepperoni then self dipped into a fondue of  oil stabilized provolone, sausage, and tomato.  Fans of a greasy pizza will be right at home.

On to the sandwiches and burgers:

"Come Rod.  Come here boy.  Sit.  Awww that's a good boy.  Now shake hands.  Awww Rod's a good doggie".

Contrary to what my ex might say, I'm not a dog.  I don't expect my meal to be tossed on a plank, burger falling over, only half on the bun, toppings and sauce spilling everywhere and fries thrown on for good measure.

A "big dipper" features tender slices of prime rib, smothered by melting pepper jack cheese, topped by over seasoned deep fried onions in a garlic spread with excessive, bitter horseradish.  Impossible to pick up, grease and oil mask the flavor of the beef.  The "off-da-hook smash burger" sports a decent mix of beef but obliterated by the cloyingly sweet, excessive bourbon bbq sauce.  They claim the bun is brioche, honestly the sauce kills the taste buds.  Finally the "mac-n-cheese bacon burger"  Cloying, greasy, way over the top.  The overstuffed burger is impossible to pickup and messy to eat.  A side of flavorful but soggy fries accompanies all selections.

Props for service.  Fast and attentive.  

Great for the Vegas tourist looking for the show.  Locals and regulars look elsewhere.