As I waited curbside for the airport shuttle, little did I know what I was about to walk into.  As I piled into the back of the shuttle, and watched it fill up, I thought to myself, "This must be a popular place." Boy was I wrong. As we all lined up for check in (half of us out the door), the front desk announced that they only had one computer working and it would take some time. I was number 7 in line. As I made it up to the marble counter and said hello to the person checking me in and the 4 others who were behind the desk, I noticed that "old" smell..... You know that smell that makes you think mildew? Mold? Nope, it was the natural perfume of the entire building (at least the parts that I was in). I was given my room, and I walked in and noticed a GIANT stain on my recently redone carpet, the light fixture was leaning to one side and falling off the wall, and my AWESOME view was a giant satellite dish and what looked like some rusted out shacks in the parking lot.
So I grabbed the remote and was greeted by a bunch of back buttons (the numbers had been worn off). The only one I could read was MENU and it did not work. After figuring out which buttons did what (Thank God I did not end up accidentally buying hotel porn!) I started trying to change the channel. I could change by using the button to look at the next channel up or down the list, but if I hit a number, it would simply sit on the screen. If I wanted channel 24, it would first show channel 2, and after hitting 4 like 5 times, the 2 would be replaced with a 4 and it would sit there until I turned the TV off and turned it back on.
This hotel was a lot like the Monday Night Pre-Season Game I was watching... Not inspiring confidence. After calling down to the front desk and asking for a 7:30 shuttle and a 7 am wake up call, I eat my delivered dinner (I dare not try the hotel's food) and set the Hilton Clock in my room for a 6:45 alarm.

The next morning I woke up on my own at about 6:50 to my alarm clock blinking because the alarm was going off, but the alarm itself was broken. As I walked towards the bathroom, I noticed 2 pieces of paper under my door. It was my bill, but you would not know it. Usually Hilton family hotels print everything (including your bill) on company letter head so you know where it came from. These bills were simply printed on white copy paper. If this was not a metaphor for my whole experience, I do not know what would be. This place does not live up to the Double Tree standard. Not Going Back.