Took my boyfriend and my sister who are big Gwen Stefani fans for a meet and greet yesterday.  Total spent was $3000.00 dollars for the 3 of us to have a good time. Well at least I thought it would be a good time. When arriving at the desk we were given 3 tickets well at least I thought. When it came time for the meet and greet we were stopped at security because we were told are tickets would not scan. When we went back to the desk no one seemed to know what was going on with are tickets as all the works scrambled around from computer to computer to try to solve what wad going on. It was at that time another employee came up and told us that if we didn't come now we would miss the meet and greet. The front desk told us to go to the meet and greet and they would resolve what was going on when we get back. As we ran frantically down the long hall for the meet greet I couldn't help but think about it the whole time as my partner and sister kept asking if everything was okay. After the meet and greet we returned to the desk when they told us we only had tickets for meet and greet and not the actual show. When I pointed out to the workers that our tickets said GA which stands for general admission and seat 27 they said that my ticket was a mistake and could not explain why it said that. They then basically embarrassed me again and said we do not have tickets for the show. It was at that time I handed the gentleman my credit card and paid an additional 700 something dollars to purchase seats for the show. Almost 4000 dollars later I wanted to cry from the embarrassment from the staff and unprofessionalism experienced. I did not want to disappoint my boyfriend or my sister. We also had to ask for our vip lanyards and posters or else we probably would of walked out without them. Sorry to give such a bad review but I felt like the zappos staff could of done better considering the situation was not my fault and considering the amount of money I spent to have a good time. 

Don Patterson