Firstly, I have no recent experience dealing with this event. I realise as of 2016 the management team that used to own the show will no longer be managing Fanexpo and I have no experience with what Informa will do or what they're like.
   I went two times to the show from western Canada in 2009 and 2010. Hobbystar ran the event completely in those days. I am one of the little guys in the artists alley. I was okay with the show the first year I was there, I really had a hard time covering the cost of my table at the show, but there were like minded people I hung out with and it was a decent experience.
   What totally turned me off from the show after 2010 were a few things: (1) They ripped us off when the fire marshall locked out the buying audience, and I could not sell near as much since the buying audience was never inside for a large portion of the event  and (2) Hobbystar pretty well told me in my e-mail maybe the reason I didn't cover the cost of my table the second year is perhaps because I can't draw, while other artists were fully reimbursed (those artists have told me since then).
   That being said, I do not trust Hobbystar with running anything. As long as they are involved I keep hearing awful things about the show, and them over selling and attendees that already paid year in year out unable to get inside. And of course the blatant dishonesty they caused the artists that attended and the attendees they keep ripping off. If I suck at drawing, then why did I not have the same problem a year before? Take some responsibility for yourselves Hobbystar. Otherwise take a class in management, because you have proven to the public you can't handle the job.
   It's 2016, and Informa is creating a terrible reputation amongst artists and attendees. I have never dealt with them, but the tables are more expensive, harder to find, and a lot of exhibitors are telling me to look elsewhere. No problem, I am headed to events that treat people better, if anyone else wants to run this, I'll consider returning.