Have had some good experiences at Buffalo Wild Wings in the past but can't really recommend this place anymore due to my last experience here.

What happened?

Came on a Thursday night to watch a football game.     Place was mostly cleared out, I'd say that about 60% of the restaurant was completely open.

I sat down with my girlfriend, waiter shows up to get our order, we get some appetizers, cheese sticks to start off with.     Now me and my girlfriend are sitting watching the game, the cheese sticks arrive, they're pretty good, and everything is cool.

  Then the waiter comes back within about a minute of bringing the cheese sticks and asks if we're ready to order, we shake our heads as we haven't even finished eating the cheese sticks.

Within another minute, he's back again, so we just go ahead and order our entrees and everything is cool, the waiter vanishes, and we're back to watching the football game.


We get our entrees, I ordered a Big Jack Daddy burger, normally delicious but somewhat off, the pulled pork was cold, the burger was dry and had barely any BBQ sauce on it so I asked the waiter for some.  My girlfriend's biting into her chicken tenders which also were somewhat under-par.      The waiter comes back with the BBQ sauce, then disappears again, we're watching the football game and within a few minutes, he's back, asking if we want desert.................um, while I'm not even halfway done with my entree.       We say no, go back to our food and at this point, some Buffalo Wild Wings honcho, maybe a manager stops by our table and asks how things are, I say alright although privately I'm starting to feel a bit crowded.

  Then as I'm just finishing my entree, the waiter comes by, swoops the plate and takes off.    Next thing I know he's coming to the table, shoving the check next to me and saying he can "get it whenever we're ready", which at this point I feel like I'm getting the bum's rush and I look around the restaurant and realize that its even emptier than we got there.       I made a point of asking him if maybe they were closing early or something and he got defensive and walked off.    

  At that point, I didn't see him the rest of the night, but I did notice on the bill that he had the audacity to charge us for the extra BBQ sauce I asked for to cover up the dryness of the overcooked burger and the fact that they barely put any sauce on it to begin with.    


 The fact I was being charged for BBQ sauce in a place that serves it up en masse was ridiculous.     What's next?   Fork and knife rental fees?   First time I've been charged for that at any restaurant, and especially at Buffalo Wild Wings.        Putting that on top of the lousy, pushy service was enough for me to leave the lowest tip I've left at any restaurant.         


   I'd understand on a busy night about table turnover but sitting back on a nearly completely dead evening, we're one of a few handful of tables actually filled in the waiter's section, watching a football game while ordering food and getting basically tossed out.     No thanks, there's many other places where I can get decent food without being treated like the waiter is doing me a favor and not the other way around.  


I'll try the Buffalo Wild Wings location out at Norterra but this whole experience was pretty much a bust for me, cold food, dry burger, lousy service and on top of that, getting nickel and dimed on the BBQ sauce.     No thanks.