I want to say that the customer service I received from Stephanie was fantastic.  But other than that I can't say the rest of my experience was as great as she was.  I went here for the first time because I needed some hair supplies and my hair dryer broke on me and I was in a rush to get a replacement.  I've heard of Sally's before so I decided I'd check it out.  I came to this particular location and found everything I was looking for including my hair dryer.  The day after, I went back to get an exchange for a hair razor because I purchased the wrong one.  No problem there, as it was a straight exchange.  A couple of days later, I tried to use my NEW hair dryer and it broke down after 2 uses... It was no longer blowing hot air.  WTF.. So I made a second trip to go exchange it for another one.  I exchanged a hair dryer that was cheaper than the original one I purchased and I was supposed to get a REFUND on the remaining balance, but instead the girl did a PURCHASE and charged me for the difference.  I didn't realize this until my bill came in the mail saying I did purchase rather than a return.  Annoyed, I went to the store a couple weeks later with my credit card bill asking to speak to the manager on duty about this.  Stephanie, the supervisor on duty, called her manager right away and took down my information, informing me that the manager would call me the following Monday when she was in.  Monday rolled around and I never received a call, I called on Tuesday and the girl told me that she never came in for her shift and that she'd pass along the message to call me back asap.  A week later, no call.  At this point, I'm irritated and angry with the horrible customer service, especially from the manager.  I went straight to Head Office and called them to inform them of the issue and what was going on.  The process of having to refund my money onto my credit card should not take over a month!  I spoke to a representative from Head Office and she said she would have to speak to the store and look further into the situation and she'd call me back.  A couple more days pass by, no call.  I decided I'd call Head Office AGAIN.  I spoke to a representative and she said that the manager was dealing with another customer and she would get her to call me back as soon as she was done instead of putting me on hold.  I was very stern and straight forward informing her that I would be really upset if she doesn't call back and she insisted she would let her manager know before she leaves for the day.  Never received a call within the next 15 minutes. I called back again, and got another representative  and told her that the manager on duty was supposed to call me back.  She went to go look for the manager and she had already left for the day!  At that point, I was livid and I expressed how I felt to the representative I was currently speaking to and she was EXTREMELY RUDE and interrupted me as I was speaking!  She even responded with "Do you want a solution to this?..... Fant-astic!" (In the most sarcastic voice ever).  She asked me to call my bank to ask them to reverse the charges and to let them know I didn't approve of it.  So basically after waiting a month to get this sorted out, she wanted me to solve it on my own.  How f'ed up is that?  The next day - of course, I receive a call from the store and from Head Office again.  Both of them left a voicemail stating that they would do the refund without any issues as long as I go into the store to do it..  SERIOUSLY?  I have to make another trip to the store to do a refund??  I called Stephanie to ask her if we could do the refund over the phone and she asked her manager and the manager said no because they needed my physical card to do the refund.   So now this was going to be my fourth trip to the store.. and that will be the last time I go back to the store, PERIOD.  In fact, I'm done with Sally's Beauty all together and I wish I had never purchased their $5 membership.