My husband and I used to order from here more than I'd like to admit (almost weekly). The pizza is pretty mediocre, but it's really cheap and convenient. The cheesy bread, subs, chicken fingers, and onion rings are pretty delicious. We always order online (which I love), it's right around the corner, delivery is always under 45 minutes (yes, we're that lazy and really hate winter), and the delivery people are always super nice. Sadly, they had to go and screw up the good thing we had going. 

Last time we ordered it was for pick-up as 20 years of junk food ordering has taught me pick-up to takes half the time of delivery. We ordered cheesy bread, a Philly sub, and onion rings. I asked for ranch instead of marinara with the cheesy bread and requested ranch for the onion rings.

I paid in advance and added a 20% tip (on take-out) thinking that would help make up for any "inconvenience" or cost of my ranch requests (we ordered the exact same thing for delivery the previous time with absolutely no problem, by the way). My husband showed up about 20 minutes after I ordered. Not only wasn't the food ready, but apparently they hadn't even started it and were in no hurry. He waited almost another HOUR (seriously--from ordering til he got home was an hour fifteen and it's about a one minute drive) to get our food. They didn't comp or discount or offer any vouchers or coupons or anything. 

When we opened our food there were no sauces of any kind. I'd waited a long time and was starving and pretty pissed about this oversight after all that. I hopped in the car because, as I said, it's literally around the corner, and junk food just ain't the same without ranch for dippin. 

I walked in. Everyone was in the kitchen (no one at the counter), but I was clearly seen, though nobody shouted a greeting or "I'll be right with you." Finally a girl walked toward the front, though again not at a speed that anyone in the restaurant business should use. I told her my husband had just waited a ridiculously long time for our take-out order and when he got home there were no sauces, could I just have like six containers of ranch that we should have gotten with our order. Now that may have been an excessive amount, but I had low blood sugar brain. And at this point I figured they'd throw anything at me to appease a dissatisfied customer (because they'd screwed up!). Instead, she looked at the computer and said she needed to get the person who took the order. Why? I have no idea. But she said she was new, so I said fine. She went in to the kitchen to tell another girl who dropped what she was doing to go tell an older man, who I assume is the owner, most certainly the boss. Expecting him to greet me with a smile and an apology, or at least a how can I help you, I was taken aback to get a brusk questioning of who I was and what I ordered. He also needed to look it up on the computer for some godforsaken reason. It was like they all had amnesia! You don't remember the tall skinny dude who JUST left after waiting for his order for an hour?! He told me what I ordered like I was on crack and what was the problem. I said yes, I know what I ordered, but I requested ranch, and even added a generous tip in case he wanted to charge me for it. Again, he rudely asked me how many I wanted, incredulous I was asking. It was like the freakin inquisition. Do they have a problem with ranch robberies??? Are people always walking in and making up stories about how they didn't get ranch with their orders?? He started taking containers out of the fridge. I was so upset by this point that I don't even know what he said that prompted me say "Wow, you are really something else." There were four containers of ranch on the counter which I snatched while I could and turned around to walk out, at which point he yelled after me how they're 75 cents a piece. I may have muttered something in return as the door was closing behind me. 

I honestly think this was the most disrespectful customer service I have ever received. It certainly tops the list as worst interaction/confrontation with a stranger. I can't believe anyone would treat or talk to anyone like that, let alone a proprietor to a customer. I worked in a restaurant for seven years and one of the cardinal rules is own up and apologize when you make a mistake--99% of the time people will completely understand. Offer them a discount or a freebie and the mistake is completely forgotten.

I realize no one cares or will ever read this. My husband has already chastised me for wasting my energy on it, but I was just so incredulous about the entire thing. It was cathartic. I feel better. Though that will be of little comfort next time I want cheesy bread (with ranch!) and have to order elsewhere.