OVERALL: The food isn't good (I explain below), but this place may still be worth locals' time (and more importantly money).  Let me explain...

There are not many "old" restaurants in this town. We don't seem to value/frequent/patronize places that have been around putting out food for a long time. I think we should. Even when the food isn't show stopping. Why? This place has tremendous character and charm. There's an "Old Western Vegas" feel to Bob Taylor's. Established in 1955, it's the oldest restaurant in Las Vegas. Its a throwback to a rugged, carnivorous cowboy culture that has existed in this town for decades. And still exists. I did appreciate the slice of Vegas kitch that Bob Taylor's offers. 

FOOD ISSUES: So with all that charm how could this place go wrong? This place could be great. It really should be great. But they are not putting enough care into the food. I ordered the rib eye and asked for it to be medium rare. I was worried about it being overcooked and figured if a mistake was made, I'd be in the medium range. My instincts were correct. But the steak was closer to well done. In total, three steaks at our table were seriously overcooked. In a steakhouse. With a man tasked with grilling the steaks. Sigh. The fourth steak, smoked prime rib, was cooked properly. But the prime rib is cooked ahead if time, right? How was I prepared for this overcooked piece of meat? How did this only occasional red-meat-eater suspect that my steak would not be treated with attentive care? 

I'll tell you. When we walked in there was a large grill at the front of the restaurant with a number if steaks cooking on it. But the chef was not watching the meat. He wasn't even in front of the grill. He was nowhere to be seen as we walked through the doors. And there were at least 4 steaks cooking when we arrived. So I figured that my steak would receive the same lack of attention.  

I ordered a simple naked potato and a side salad to accompany my steak. Both were fine. But there is not much room to mess up a potato and iceberg, is there? People rave about the garlic bread and I think it's because the rest of the meal is so mediocre, that the cheesy bread becomes the highlight if the meal. It was just OK. The most inexperienced cook could make it at home with sourdough, butter, and three types of cheese. 

A few people in our party ordered the mushroom rice side dish and it was not good. After tasting it, I was grateful to have passed on this wet, mush. 

SERVICE: Our waitress was very attentive and responsive. She was more than willing to return the overcooked steaks. 

I won't be back, but I'm glad to have visited this historic spot.

Service: 4 stars

Kitch: 4 stars

Food: 1 star