Let me start by saying, I'mreally hoping that I visited on a bad day.  I LOVE Mexican and I wanted to like this restaurant so much because I thought I found a 'hidden jem' near our new house + all the reviews were so good, but...yikes.

Personally, I would think of this restaurant as more of a trendy take on Mexican.  Sort of Mad-Mexish maybe? But not exactly. I am normally not a person to salt my food, but I felt like just about EVERYTHING needed salt and/or was very bland.  It started with the salsa, then the guac, the pico then the rice and beans.  I mean TOTALLY BLAND.  I even got a pineapple margarita lacked flavor.  I thought there was something wrong with me but my friend I was eating with confirmed it. 

The salsa was brown and I'd guess was roasted tomato flavor?  I can appreciate a non-traditional salsa, but I dind't taste any seasonings and it didn't have a citric taste like any tomato salsa would normally have.  Next we ordered the tableside guacamole. We are guac finatics, but the pico they added had no citrus zing and it needed salt. They made it tableside, but it was already all in the bowl when she brought it and she just mashed it at the table.  

The pineapple margarita seemed to be made with fresh pineapple juice, which is awesome.  I ordered it blended and it was very watered down. but I dind't think $8 for an Avion margarita was that bad. 

I had the surf n turf burrito which was loaded with delicious tender steak and big shrimp, both cooked very well.  It was topped with a creamy orange colored sauce that was very tasty...but then they stuffed it with rice that had NO flavor. It looked redish orange, but had literally ZERO flavor. I had to ask the waitress for a salt shaker to even be able to eat it, but it barley helped. 

My friend had the grilled mahi mahi tacos which she said were really good.  But she had the same opinion on the rice. It also came with black beans that tasted like boiled, rinsed, dry black beans. No seasonings that we could detect. 

In fairness to the restaurant, I did not complain.  When this many things are wrong, you just kind of assume that this is how they make their food and that we just wont go back.  I'm teetering about trying it again because if the food was this bad all the time I dont know how it could still be open.