2-3 years ago I found LifeScape Medical Associates randomly and started going there since then. Paying an annual fee, I'm expecting receiving services which are at least at the average level; however, LifeScape disappointed me again and again over the years. I have to give credit to their office environment though, it's always quiet and clean, and the receptionists are always friendly.

There're a few reasons I don't like it there:
1. I feel like the doctor is always suggesting me with some medicine/samples/tests, and some of them are not necessary at all. For example, the doctor suggested me with a special blood test, twice, saying that the test would be very beneficial for me and my insurance should cover the cost. I believed her and had my blood drawn at their lab. Later I got a bill for almost $2000 (I know LifeScape always charges high prices, luckily I have a good health insurance so i don't really care, but still, $2000 for a blood test is too much! ) I called my insurance company, my insurance company said the test was actually done in a out-of-state lab so they will only pay for a small portion. I immediately called LifeScape and left a message, no one replied. A few days later I decided to go to their office in person, they lied to me that the blood test would just cost whatever my insurance company is willing to pay, and I would not be charged for extra. I believed them and left. But a few weeks later I received another bill. I called them a few more times explaining the issue. They told me that a specialist would call me back, but nobody ever did. I'm really disappointed. How can people trust them if they do business like that!!! What's worse, up to this day, they still haven't informed me anything about the bill, nor the blood test result itself.

2. The waiting time in the clinic is too long. I ALWAYS have to wait there for 30-50 minutes passed the appointment time. I know the doctor is busy, but the patient's time is precious too. I don't like taking my work hours off and just wasting it on waiting for the doctor. And when I finally get to meet with the doctor, I can tell that she is not patient enough. She seems in a hurry, I know she wants to finish up our conversation asap and move on to the next patient.

3. They don't have xRay machines. If you are need to get some xRay or CT scan done, I suggest you going somewhere else, even some small clinics have xRay machines. 

I normally only write positive reviews online, but this time i want to let people know about what's really going on there. I would NOT go there any more and I do NOT recommend LifeScape to anybody.