The WORST Neurologist doctor in all of Las Vegas. I waited 1 month for this appointment and was referred by my main Doctor via Insurance. I will ask my general Internal medicine Doctor to STOP referring patients to this quack Dr. Morton Hyson. 

UNPROFESSIONAL ATTITUDE AND HE TALKED DOWN TO ME AS IF I DID SOMETHING HORRIBLE. 

Dr. Hyson consulted with me all of 4 minutes and refused to let me explain what my issues are. He cut me off every time I spoke dismissing my concerns. He actually argued with me over the meaning of paralysis. He is very mean, rude and arrogant.

I am concerned if he is really an educated doctor, anyone can throw up some wall doctorate plaques and rent an office.

My visit was unproductive as my concerns and issues were not addressed and I was not given the opportunity to talk about my health or recent problems.

He walked off as I was ushered to the front to schedule another appointment. I said NO! I won't be scheduling another appointment because I won't be back and never want to see him again.

He walked by seeing me in tears, I told him I am disappointed and VERY unhappy with our 5 minute visit. I told him he was rude for cutting me off and not allowing me to address my concerns. I said why on earth would a real "doctor" sit there an argue with a patient? He replied,"I am busy and a lot of people like me". "He said we can go back in the room and he will listen now" I replied NO, I want to get as far away from you as I can. I left in tears and crying uncontrollably. 

I was devastated when I sat and read his bad reviews in the waiting room after checking in. I did not choose this doctor it was a referral so I had no choice. 

He lives up to his bad reviews! His personality is as lively as a dead flower. I don't expect personality but don't abuse me by shushing me when I am trying to give you important details of my health problems. 

I am going to file a FRAUD claim with my insurance if they bill because he did not consult or treat me.

This man is extremely mean and arrogant.