This review is in regards to our experience watching SuperBowl 51 February 5, 2017 at the WestGate in the theater/auditorium.

Watch the game somewhere else.....

To those unfamiliar with The Big Game experience at WestGate you typically would get in line to watch the Superbowl in the theater portion of the hotel around 8 am on Superbowl Sunday. This line can get extremely long yet the earlier you get in line your choice of seating significantly improves.So...after waiting in line for a few hours we were notified the lower portion of the theater was reserved for paid customers who previously purchased wristbands for $100 (including alcohol and hot dogs) and instead we would be seated in the balcony portion of the theater.No problem, something different, we said. Mistake.

So at 1:30 pm we were sent upstairs to the balcony to take our seats and prepare to watch the big game at 3:30. Once we take our seats one of us ( we're in a group of 8 ) will hold the seats while the rest of us will go out to the casino floor and gamble or go the the sports book and place a couple last minute bets.Please note the patrons that leave the auditorium will receive a hand stamp or wristband to allow reentry to the theater. BUT INSTEAD....

We were told by Westgate staff that no hand stamps or wristbands would be given and we were ON OUR OWN if we choose to leave and we would not be allowed back in. Wow.
That's right, after waiting in line all morning if we wanted to go downstairs to play blackjack, place a bet at the book, or maybe have a bite to eat because no food was made available upstairs we would be out of luck. Nice work Westgate.

So we were seated upstairs...stuck. With no food or soda available for purchase. Only beer and water was sold in the balcony food counter. That was at 1:45 p.m. After vigorously complaining to Westgate staff ( to ushers with yellow jackets and security with black jackets ) at 3:04 pm wristbands were given out. At 3:18 hot dogs and soda were made available for sale in the balcony. I believe this was a direct result of all the upset patrons like myself that were seated in the balcony level.

In summary, for being the biggest sportbook in Las Vegas this place is dysfunction and fails to satisfy the most basic request to provide food and comfort to betting patrons. A total mess. This place sucks. Watch the big game and bet your money some where else. We will.