NO STARS...We arrived, Wed. October 15, 2016 and donated 26 cans of food, for my party of 5,  to St. Mary's Food bank,  in exchange for free admission to the 2016 AZ State Fair.  If it wasn't for a good cause, I would have asked for my cans back!! 

 If you want to see a bunch of junky vendors and crap food, go to the million swap meets, Arizona has to offer...DONT GIVE THE STATE FAIR OF ARIZONA ONE DIME.

IN ADDITION,  I  did not see one water fountain but lots of water selling for $3.00 a bottle!!  Are you kidding me????  You would make a profit selling it for $1.00, because it was hot as hell on Oct. 13th!  I was so thirsty.

 I did not see a theme for the fair, the whole layout looked sloppy and thrown together.  No seating at all.   Food venues with the same food over and over again at Chop House prices for pig slop.

 The agricultural entries were limited to a plate of lemons!!!!   Where are the competitive growers??  One pavilion was dedicated to the arts and crafts, the youth art was in the basement of Veterans Stadium, (see how valuable the kids are?????)housing a shrunken, student art section.  

Did not see with photography entries, and the art was displayed, in the most ugly, disrespectful way, I have ever viewed...A very small homemade food and canning section. The area was filled in with dinosaurs.  Why?  Dunno.

Absolutely no representation of the diverse population, in Arizona, the Indian culture, wine growers, history of the state, travel or places to visit.. No free exhibits to enrich your understanding of Arizona.  

For example, with 380 golf courses in the Valley and not one sponsor????How about putt putt golf for kids and adults???NO FREE EXHIBITS AT ALL!!!  Who is running the fair????

No sponsorships to make your entry fee even worthwhile?? You pay to get in, then pay and pay, with nothing in return???

The animal section had poultry, sheep, swine, goats, cattle etc.  Absolutely no signs describing anything and more diverse animals would have been great.  The geese had no food or water and were very vocal about it!

No informational exhibits educational information present.  The Fair is a glorified swap meet with bad food, and carnival rides.  

I sent a 10 page recommendation for Fair Improvement , years ago, with suggestions on how to improve the fair. They obviously blew it off and ignored me....and it only got worse!!!

 It is obvious that no one in Arizona, who runs the fair, gives a crap about preserving the history, or promoting education...

They care about bad politicians, fast money, building homes, (even though there is no demand) and overseeing a failed education system. Then, some rag tag state employees throw together a really bad carnival and shove that in our faces...."screw you taxpayers, take our trash or leave it!!

DO YOU KNOW WHAT A STATE FAIR IS??? HAVE YOU VISITED OHIO OR MINNESOTA FAIRS??? HALF THE PEOPLE LIVE HERE IN THE WINTER, HOW ABOUT HIRING CONSULTANTS???

DO NOT GO TO THE FAIR AND PAY ANY MONEY TO SEE THIS HOT MESS..