It is common knowledge among my friends and family that I am a fanatic when it comes to brunch. That being said, there is nothing worse than a lackluster plate of eggs. Oh, but I'm wrong! Couple mediocre eggs with poor service, Beach Cafe showed me all sorts of low.

Walking in, it is generally expected for you to seat yourself - after you overcome the awkwardness of glares from the bar patrons in the back. Service was generally slow, leaving us to scramble for menus and wait a few minutes before even being greeted. 

I had ordered the Cali Bene - eggs benedict with avocado, tomato, spinach with a side of home fries. One of my friends stuck to her favorite of chicken fingers (with the sole intention that the ranch was made in house). While one of my other friends, wavering with indecision, chose the Redondo Beach Egg Salad Sandwich with a side of Chicken Tortilla soup. The food came out promptly, so I'll give the Beach Cafe that. However, taste was lacking. Hollandaise sauce soaked half the plate, which normally I do not mind. However, it was so salty that I attempted to dissect the parts of my benedict that had not been attacked with sodium. After three minutes, all hope was lost - my Cali Bene was fairly inedible. The home fries were decent, better in comparison to the salt fest next to it. As for my friends' food, the chicken fingers were good (not a difficult accomplishment). My other friend quickly demolished her soup (as much as I love brunch, so has the same affinity for soup). However, her egg salad sandwich was primarily two pieces of bread with a thin layer of egg salad. I took a bite, and was unimpressed - my school's dining hall has done better. 

What really set in my apathy towards this place was the lack of cordiality demonstrated by both the staff and the longstanding patrons. After a couple had left the restaurant, one of the staff members had engaged in openly mocking and criticizing them. The heckling riled the customers she had been talking to, and soon spread like wildfire. My party felt fairly uncomfortable afterwards - both out of shock for their lack of propriety as well as the fear that our departure would result in insult. 

Honestly, mediocre at best food. Service was fairly nonexistent, at best spotty. The only thing that could remedy this was 99 cent ice cream far, far away.