This is the worst gym I've ever been to, and I've grown up in the gym business. These guys only care about your money and nothing more. When I joined I later had to cancel with them because I had to meet with my National Guard unit and I didn't know what kind of schedule I'd have. They seemed understanding and said it wasn't a problem. At this time I would have rated this gym very good, because I had fun with no issues. I even told them I'd probably start back up here after I know what schedule looked like. So I stop going after my month expired because I cancelled(even on my attendance sheet it said it was my last and only month.) I later check my bank statement and they charged me again, okay no big deal probably a mistake. I call them, no answer. Okay that's fine I'll email them explaining the mistake. I'll give them a few days to get back to me max. Hear nothing from them. Call them again, no answer. Call them again they finally answered. I explain the situation with guy that answers and he says "Oh yeah i got your email but I forgot to call you.". At this point I'm a little rubbed wrong with they're crap customer service. Then after that he tells me no I haven't cancelled and I'm going to have to pay another two months worth. He tells me I must have misunderstood him (he speaks broken English so he must have misunderstood me when I cancelled with him a month prior to this). He won't help me out at all, just says I have to pay more. Thank god I have Navy Federal for a bank because I call them after this and they let me know these guys shouldn't be changing me. They repay me for what the gym took and put a dispute on the gym, they also put a stop payment on the gym. Well sure and behold I get charged by them AGAIN and I call my bank asking why did this happen? Turns out this gym is manually putting my card information in to get past the stop payment. I ask what I can do. They say to email them so I have proof i contacted them in case they try to lie. So I email these dirt bags and guess what once again nothing but they email me the SCHEDULE FOR THE CLASSES. Once again my bank is helping me, thank goodness. Not veteran friendly.