Never again. My daughter and I wanted to get a fun pedi before we left for a trip to Disney. We decided we would get matching Mickey Mouse heads on our big toes. I picked this place because I saw that they had chairs for kids, but my daughter wasn't even offered a seat in them. The spa pedis were decent and competitively priced for the area, but the paint job was absolutely atrocious. I should have known when they asked what design we wanted and I said Mickey Mouse heads and all we got in response were blank stares from the technicians. They really had no idea what we meant. So, I quickly did a search on my smart phone for an idea to show them. When I showed my technician right as she started my pedicure, she said, "Ah, easy!" So, I sat back and relaxed and figured all would be great. They asked if we wanted our fingers done, too and I declined because we were short on time. Am I glad I didn't pay for a manicure here! My daughter's nail tech said that she would include a paint job for my daughter at no extra charge since I was getting a longer pedicure. After seeing the awful job that was done on her nails, I am so glad that I only paid for a totally messed up pedi, not a messed up mani, too! The paint on her nails was incredibly sloppy. Her toes did turn out okay (not great,) so they were decent enough to go to Disney with, but my toes turned out HORRIBLY. The tech struggled to make a round circle to start off the head! The bottoms of both of the heads on my big toes was squared off! Plus, she was attempting to center the heads and one was way off to the left. Never mind the fact that the ears are proportionally way too small for the size of the rest of the head. It all looked awful! And then, to top all of that off, when she was painting them she accidentally dragged a line of black across the rest of my big toe and instead of fixing it properly, she just tried to just dab it with nail polish remover and then immediately paint over it. So underneath the 'mickey' head immediately began to chip! WORST PAINT JOB EVER! Finally, when I went to pay I was still going to leave a moderate tip, but when I handed the girl cash she acted shocked at the size of my tip and asked if it was for both techs or just one. I will never be back.