Buyer Beware!  Our experience with this company began in January, 2012 and has continued to deteriorate over time.  Our air conditioner went out because of an electrical panel short.  We referred to the "To Fix It" list and identified an electrical company to come out.  They did a great job in fixing our electrical issues but could only recommend another company to handle the air conditioning issue.  It was a weekend and freezing cold and since we were so pleased with the service we received from the electrical company we believed what they said about One Hour AC&H.  They recommended a new unit, said our ducts needed to be completely redone because they were so old and deteriorating, vents need to be installed, that if we purchased this new unit our heating and cooling costs would be reduced by 50%.  That's what he said -- by 50%.  (BTW - our electric bill has not gone down one cent since installing the new unit.)  Over the course of 2 days they completely redid everything -- installation, all new ductwork and vents, a cleaning system.  The works.  Since then half of the our house is still warm; we've had service people out several times and they don't even know why they've been told to come to our house.  At one point we discovered that our filtration system had not even been hooked up.  Our son was asked to crawl up into the attic to help them complete the installation.  The vent holes were sloppily cut and some of vents don't cover the damage done to the drywall.  They installed a vent in our garage storage room!!!!!  We paid for the bi-annual servicing of the unit and every time we make an appointment they call and say that they've got so much to do they can't make it out to our house.  They did that to us 3 times and at that point we told them if they didn't show up the fourth time we wanted our money back for the service plan.  A service guy did show up this past weekend and wanted to know why we had several of our vents closed - we had done that to help with the lack of cooling on the one side of the house.  The service guy said it wasn't good to do that because it put pressure on the fan.  He then went up into the attic and came back down and said that there was a 2 inch gap in the ductwork which he said he fixed and that should help with the temperature.  He also said he would talk to his supervisors about this and that someone would be calling us.  We've tried talking to these folks many times and they never call back.  We to date have not received a call back as the last service guy promised.  Don't EVER use this company.  We found out later that they work on commission.  They are only interested in selling expensive units and have no intention of following up on their promises.  I'm embarrassed to let any of you know how much we paid (are still paying) for this experience. As part of the sales pitch we were also told that our new unit would be eligible for an energy-savings rebate from the electric company.  After we purchased the unit, and after we had to remind them of the rebate offer several weeks later, they submitted the rebate request, which was ultimately denied.