Too bad.  I was really hoping this experience could be positive but things were just not good by ANY standard.

Located in the heart of Terminal A, this is a quick bite to eat if you select the carry out side and not sit down.  I think this is my mistake.  Upon arrival, seems like any usual quick eats location.  Chips, drinks on the outside of the cashier, pizza waiting to be purchased sitting behind a window, cashier and 2 cooks waiting to take orders.

When it was my turn to order I was greeted with a "Welcome to Winners, what do you want?" The tone and demeanor of the cashier was unfriendly to the point where I felt I was bothersome.  Brushed it off, and ordered the "number" on the menu.  The immediate response was an eye roll and "what is that number?"  After responding I was given a "oOOOooh that one, a Winner's Burger."  The tone had a bit of snark in it as if I was expected to just order the name after the number that was sitting in front of it that was showing on the menu board.

After paying, I stood back and watched to see if it was just me receiving treatment or if it was everyone.  Everyone got it, until a friend who worked at another establishment came.  Demeanor became very casual, smiles and laughs, and talking of "whatchu gonna do after work guuurl?!?!" all while taking the order of another customer was the hot topic of conversation.  Reading the facial expression and body language of this customer was obvious she was bothered by it, but she did not want to say anything.

I waited a solid 20 minutes for my order of a burger and fries, and half of that time, the fries say there on the counter with lid open getting cold.  Burger came out but was not cooked to order.  Based on timing I could not afford to go back as I had to get to my plane.  Burger was ordered medium well but came back well done x3 and nearly had a crispy texture to it.  My fries had been solid and cold upon arrival which was bothersome as it could have been closed while I waited and not left open.

Altogether, I feel a sit down experience may be better, but these three employees working the carry out side seem to be very disconnected with customer service and only there to have fun with each other.  No urgency with service, no common sense to food service standards.  Disappointing to say the least.  If you go, give yourself time to enjoy a sit down experience.