DO NOT GO TO THIS STORE!!! Absolutely terrible service. I would give this store 1 star for the most terrible service we have received. The reason why I am giving this store 2 stars is that of the fact that the person that was helping us with the ski helmets were nice and brisk. He gave advice and was friendly at all times. Then I went with my family to purchase a north face jacket. It was originally around $540 but it was 25% off so it was $410. We wanted to see if we could get a better deal so we talked to the manager. He said no which I could understand but we still attempted to bargain. However what was not okay was his attitude towards us was really inpatient and unmerciful. He said that north face was really lucky to get them some deal for boxing day that was 25% off. I don't find this kind of attitude okay towards any kind of customer. I also realized that the people that worked there they got a commission. Basically, the woman that first helped us placed her commission id on the price tag. The second lady that helped us was outrageous. Saying that there is actually 50% off and then placed HER commission tag over the other lady's id. After that, she just left us not doing anything. When we got the cashier there was a fight over the price between the cashier and us and multiple managers came over. The one that we spoke to (he was bald I don't know his name) was in a very uncalming attitude saying that he already spoke to us and we are wrong and didn't listen when the other lady that placed her commission tag over said it was $300. So I don't understand who is hiring these people. The person that worked at the cashier used absolutely no manners but pounding in the fact that our price ($300) is wrong at our faces. My whole family was really upset and we just bought the ski helmet and left. I have always been sympathetic to businesses that give poor service but this was absolutely outrageous. Later on in the day we went to Vaughan Mills shopping mall and went directly to the North Face shop there. We got the same jacket for $300. Yea sure my *** that 25% off was good. Everything in that store was overpriced the service was terrible. It was my mother's birthday so you imagine the anger.