A tale of two locations (AKA: AVOID 7700 S Autoplex, GO TO 616 W Baseline)

First the good: 616 W Baseline

I have been a loyal repeat customer of Cobblestone Auto Spa ever since I encountered Jared, one of the managers at the 616 W Baseline. 

The first time I went there I had my car detailed for $150 after discounts. The detail had been a little rushed because the location was extra busy that day and they were also short staffed. As a result there appeared to be some minor scratching. Jared was immediately on the ball and worked to have the scratched buffed out and fixed. I was very impressed with him as I watched and saw him masterfully handle other customer issues like mine. I was impressed enough that I told the man to his face that I was going to be a loyal customer directly as a result of his good work.

I am not good with names or dates, but I remember this man's name, because he does his job with pride. After Jared, I became a fastpass customer and still remain one.

COBBLESTONE, PAY CLOSE ATTENTION! THIS IS THE KIND OF EMPLOYEE YOU NEED MORE OF!

Now the Bad: 7700 S Autoplex

I first went to this location because I needed an oil change and the 616 location does not do oil changes. I got a heavy up-sale routine but went with it anyway. I also got a wash that was far below the standards of the 616 location. I let that all slide, as just being an off day.

I then went a second time for a wash, also below standard. I also let that slide.

I then went to get a wash yesterday. Not only was the wash worse than ever, but the car interior looked worse coming out than it did before I came! To begin with the carpets were barely vacuumed at all. There was dust and small dirt everywhere never even attempted to be cleaned. The only real evidence that they did anything was white stuff rubbed into the grain of dash around the driver's side air conditioning vent. There were also several new white smudges on the back of the seats as well as the seat back and headrests of both sides of the back seats.

When I pointed out the mess on the dash, initially they tried to say this was the dash paint wearing off. I was able to remove some of this white stuff (that looked a lot like a car wax) with my thumb nail. The manager, who I do not remember his name (nor is he worthy of being remembered) wanted to just get his day over and wanted to fill out a damage report. I remained reasonable but refused to just drop it because I knew they caused the problem. At this point 3 of the employees were involved and seemed more concerned with getting the day over than fixing the problem. They were disrespectful and discourteous.

Finally after they saw the light of day that it was not damage, but just some stuff that they managed to smear into the dash. They asked me to come back the next day. Obviously fixing the problem right then was just too much effort.

I went home, frustrated but moderately satisfied that the car would be fixed the next day.

The next day while examining the contents of the back seat that were just tossed about with no care, and no effort to clean anything, I discovered a pair of women's panties placed in the center of the floor of the back seat. Keep in mind that the floor mats were not vacuumed, but tossed on the back seat. 

I knew these were not my wife's who is a small woman because these were of a rather robust size. Also these were obviously clean panties, so I gather that one of the employees has a fat girlfriend or wife who is missing something from the laundry.

I suspect these were a gift for my complaining about the condition of the car and the fact I was making them late from rushing home to see the next episode of moronic reality TV.

As a result I was livid. I had tried to be cooperative and reasonable and was rewarded with this insult added to injury.

I went to the 7700 location immediately and complained. They clearly found the actions of the yet undetermined employee very humorous, and were going to make no attempt to secure an apology or terminate the maleficent employee. 

They reluctantly looked at fixing the area of the dash they had messed up, and made a halfhearted attempt to fix it. At this point the dash looked a little better but not the same as it did when I brought the car in. I was tired of dealing with these lazy incompetent fools who had no pride in their work and decided to take the car back to the 616 location.

Jared to the rescue:

I took the car directly to the 616 location and saw Jared busily working with his staff. I pulled up and was greeted courteously by one of the staff. After being checked in I called out to Jared and explained the situation to him. He dutifully sought out to resolve this issues and return my car to its former glory.  This was not his problem, his staff did not cause it but he fixed it.

Lesson: NEVER GO TO THE 7700 LOCATION! ALWAYS GO TO THE 616 LOCATION!

COBBLESTONE, BAD MANAGERS MAKE FOR A BAD STAFF. GREAT MANAGERS MAKE FOR A GREAT STAFF.