Being an avid Hookah smoker with a pipe of my own I probably have a little more knowledge about Shisha and the procedures than I need, with that being known this place doesn't clean the pipes after each use and as stated with another review it really doesn't matter a whole lot what flavor you are interested in, double apple is what you will eventually end up tasting.  They use standard bowls to hold the shisha and you get 2 pieces of quick light charcoal.  Being a place that needs to get the customers satisfied, I understand why they use QL's but it will never beat the flavor and duration of a natural wood coal or even compressed coconut shell for burning. I could spend hours discussing their pitfalls and accolades in terms of only their Hookah side of the business but it would most likely just end up sounding drab. So I'll sum it up quick, if you've never smoked a hookah before and want a fairly decent experience, this place will give you a 65-75% good first smoke. If you are someone who is an avid smoker or owns your own pipe, what are you doing out paying for it elsewhere for? You know how it's done, do it up right. 

Moving to their food and drink selections. My fiancee and I have tried most of their Juices and found them to be on the whole quite good. Their Oasis Cocktail has some kind of cream that we have yet to identify and I order without most of the time due to the particularly odd flavor it leaves lingering on the tongue.  My fiancee is partial to their strawberry and the banana-honey drinks and orders 2-3 of them at a time if we're there for a long visit.  The hummus was flavored pretty well, and when we ordered a shish-kabob it came out cooked right.  My last visit there I had Shawarma and it was good. Pretty solid foods, drinks, desserts, and hookah. Laid back atmosphere, heaters outside when it gets too cold.  The only thing that could use a smidge improvement is the serving girls are a tad hard to find and you can potentially go 30-45 minutes without seeing one anywhere. Give this place a shot if you're near the area.