Another solid BBQ place in Calgary. This is definitely a great place to go if you are craving something smokey and delicious. 

I actually noticed this place because I wandered by when I was walking downtown and it's impossible to miss that lovely smokey/BBQ smell if you're on the block. However, it looks kind of like a hole in the wall. The entrance doesn't look like it's been updated in years, and that's ok because it just adds character. The entire decor is wood/country (to include buffalo head on the wall) and there is also a downstairs where there is live music on the weekends.

Ok onto the food. I have been here a couple of times now, so I think I can comment on the menu pretty well. My friends and I have ordered the brisket, the catfish, the veggie burger, the mac n cheese, the cesar salad, the chili, and the garlic fries. If I had to review this place based on the delicious and garliciness of their fries, this would be a 5-star review hands down. I mean, seriously, vampires beware, but everyone else should enjoy a-plenty.

The portion sizes are huge, so go hungry or be prepared for a to-go box (granted every time I've gone I have loved the food so much that I ate the entire meal.) 

I bet at this point in time you are wondering why I am only giving this place 4 stars then? Well, not everything is as amazing as those garlic fries. The bourbon apples are fairly tasteless, the chili is ok (the meat was very tough), and the service is also just ok. However, the catfish is delightful, the mac and cheese is also delicious, and the brisket is quality. 

The specialty cocktails are also pretty good, and the beer prices are pretty decent. This is a great place to go for a long lunch, after dinner drink, or even a weekend brunch. There are vegetarian options on the menu (if you can ignore the buffalo head on the wall) and I believe even a few gluten-free options as well. It's a fairly good place to go with a large group, just make sure to call ahead. 

All in all, like I said earlier, a great place for good times and smokey flavor.