Mr Cool Heating and Air Conditioning came to the rescue for me on short notice AND was able to work on a swamp cooler, which many companies do not. 

We have three dogs of our own and we foster dogs, so when it started to heat up here in Vegas we were worried when the swamp cooler didn't seem to be blowing out air as cold as it normally does. I started reading reviews and messaging companies on yelp to see who, if any, would work on Swamp Coolers. The answer is, very few do, and most of the ones that do charge a high fee just to come take a look and provide an estimate, and often that fee doesn't apply towards the repair cost. Mr Cool didn't charge me an estimate fee and they had Derek come out to my house the very next day. Derek was thorough and investigated the problem and explained everything that was wrong without being condescending or acting like I was clueless. He offered his estimate for service and even told me I could shop around for other estimates to be certain I was getting a good price. I had already shopped around a bit so I was happy to proceed with their help. 

Swamp cooler parts are very large so they don't have space to keep them in their vans, but Derek assured me he could buy the parts and complete the repair the very next day. I explained that my husband and myself would need to wait until Friday when we were getting paid for repair and he was kind enough to work with us so we could come to an arrangement for payment so we wouldn't have to deal with our house being so hot. He came back the next day and was here for a good amount of time as swamp coolers take more time for repair and he was very thorough and explained everything to me again. I asked questions about how to best maintenance our swamp cooler and he was happy to answer. I'm very glad we chose Mr Cool and would HIGHLY recommend Derek as he was so patient, kind, and hardworking. Swamp coolers are a pain for repair so if they were affordable for our repair I'm sure they're even better with AC units. Thank you Derek and Mr Cool, our house gets soooo cold now, just how I like it!