New to Calgary, we did our homework on line and settled for Capo for one of our first meals out. Did not disappoint! A 9 table restaurant, intimate, contemporary but not stuffy decor, washrooms spotless, service friendly and on point. They truly want your dining experience to be a cut above the rest. They are attentive without being intrusive and the FOOD.... the gnocchi was suggested to us by a guest seated nearby who heard we were new to town. This selection was wonderful, pillowy dumpling puffs with lobster and truffle oil... I was sold! My husband and I shared this plate of deliciousness and the restaurant will split the plate for you in the kitchen, no problem. The fresh bread came with shallot butter - WOW, a must try, I love flavoured butters! For the main meal trio, I got the Dock Side which is a perfect scallop, perfect shrimp and the most tender, buttery fish filet once can ask for. My husband chose the meat option and he too could only describe his filet as "butter" and loved everything else that accompanied it. The small hot pots with the fresh veg inside in a butter broth were hits as well! The sparkling volcanic water was a nice change for us and the wine list was beyond impressive. We each had one glass, a red and white. MMMMM! Everything here is 100% Italian including the waiters and it was so nice to see how knowledgeable they are about the menu and passionate about what they serve! The chef obviously took a lot of pride in her work and created for us, THE perfect plates!
The end of the meal sadly came and although we were stuffed, we chose to share the lemon curd with berries plate to cleanse the palate. The best choice we could of made - or was it?! We will have to find out next time we come! We enjoyed the location of Capo in Inglewood, quite central and the waiter who called a taxi for us even waited with us outside chatting with us until the cab came. What a gem of an eatery if you can afford to splurge now and then! A highlight of my week and would recommend to anyone!