I had two different experiences with Carpet Monkey. In both instances the person who came to clean was on time and it was easy to get a hold of the company when I needed to. Also, they call around 15-30 minutes beforehand to let you know they are on the way. This is a great help since I had to drive 45 minutes to meet them so it was nice knowing how far they were. Their price was also quite good since I requested 4 rooms upstairs, hallway, stairs, and downstairs bedroom. Now the first experience I had was on 09/15. The person who came to clean was Mark. I was not satisfied at all with his work. He didn't clean a good 2 inches from the walls around the whole perimeter of the house. The stairs looked worse than before he came. There were soo many stains that he said should come out that were still there and the carpet was extra crunchy after it dried. Any time we tried to mention something to him we would always get the same response that he's been doing this for 28 or 30 years and wouldn't really listen to our concern. In a normal situation that would warrant an instant 1 star review since I chose this company based on over 500 positive reviews and the pictures seemed great. The work I had gotten done on 09/15 was not anywhere near what the pictures looked like. However instead of rushing to yelp I figured this company doesn't have 500 plus good reviews for nothing and called them up around 09/20. This is where I can really appreciate this company's commitment to customers. When I called I believe the owner picked up. If I remember correctly his name was Rick. I told him everything that happened and he was very cooperative about the fact that I wasn't satisfied at all with Mark's work. He said he'll send his right hand man Joe out and we were quickly able to schedule for 09/22. Again communication is very easy with this company. On top of that Rick told me the second visit wouldn't be of charge. So Saturday comes and we get a phone call from Isaac saying he's on his way, again great communication. I didn't worry too much that it wasn't Joe at our door like I was told since Isaac seemed like he knew what to do in these situations where the previous work wasn't satisfactory. He let me show him where I wasn't satisfied and could see where and why some of the stains didn't come out and said he'll go over all the areas. I was surprised since I thought he'd just go over the areas with spots only. But he went over everything all over again and everything looked A LOT better. The stairs actually looked like they had been cleaned this time and Isaac also went ahead and did the risers which I wasn't expecting. There were some stains that wouldn't come out but he had mentioned that to us. Overall his work actually resembled some of the yelp pictures and the carpets weren't nearly as crunchy when dried after Isaac went over them. He also put the corner protectors on the wall which I appreciated (something Mark didn't do). So my first experience was not good at all but the company was quick to help resolve the issue and reiterated how they wanted the customer to be happy and would do whatever they could to ensure that. This alone earns praise from me since it shows they care enough to at least try and make things better. Second experience with Isaac was WAY better and communication with the company is a breeze. Thank you Isaac and Rick!