We ate here for a friend's birthday before seeing Ka (theater is right next to this restaurant in the MGM Grand). It's a great before/after show restaurant. We had a reservation and were seated right away after checking in with the hostess. The restaurant is open, so you can see the bar, kitchen, and casino floor.

I ordered the special that night, which was pappardelle pasta, a chunky tomato sauce, shredded lamb, kale, truffle-infused breadcrumbs, and freshly shredded parmesan. I was torn between several items on the menu, but I wanted a special since I was in Vegas for the weekend. It was phenomenal! I rarely eat lamb, and this was delicious. It was incredibly tender and tasted delicious. The sauce was very thick, almost like tomato chunks, but I didn't even feel like I was eating a tomato sauce. The balance of sauce, meat and kale was absolutely perfect.

I also had their moscow mule. Cocktails were expensive, so I decided to go for one that was all alcohol. Others in our group had several cocktails that were all extremely tasty. Additionally, I tried a few bites of what my friends had. I had a bite of the spaghetti and meatballs. The meatball melts in your mouth, and the sauce was phenomenal. The linguini and clams came in the most decadent white wine sauce with perfectly prepared clams. The french onion soup was rich, buttery, and tasted phenomenal. 

They brought us a chocolate cheesecake as the complimentary birthday dessert and wrote "Happy Birthday" in raspberry sauce. The cheesecake had chocolate drizzled on top and edible pearls garnishing the plate. The waiter said it was always a surprise as to what the chef prepared for the complimentary birthday dessert.

Yes, this restaurant is pricey (although not by Vegas standards). However, you will have an excellent meal and receive spectacular service. The waiter took excellent care of us. He was really funny and made sure everything came out perfectly. The bussers constantly refilled water and ensure we had everything we needed. This is an incredibly unique, delicious restaurant.