To whomever owns Lucki Thai:   Lucki is actually spelled with a y.   Sheesh, how embarrassing.   Beyond the (yes, I do realize it was intentional) misspelling of the name of the restaurant, Lucki Thai doesn't miss on many marks for me.

I've had the opportuniti to dine in, get carri out, and order deliveri (I'll stop this now) from Lucki on many occasions in the last few months, so I can tell you that no matter which method you decide to go with for your thai food fix there you won't be disappointed.  The first time I had Lucki I dined in and had the Tom Yum soup with Shrimp and their Crab Fried rice.  The Tom Yum Soup is consistently good, and I'd know since it's been a staple of every single order I've made with Lucki since.  It's always hot, with the perfect combination of sour and spicy, and loaded with mushrooms and an ample amount of shrimp.  The large order feeds 2 perfectly.  The crab fried rice is not something I tend to order, but Lucki's version definitely packed a lot of crab flavor.   They also weren't shy with the egg on the rice, and being an egg slut like Anthony Bourdain, that pleased me.

I've done a mix of delivery and take-out many times since, and every time the delivery is at the house by the promised time (usually well before), and the food has almost always been ready to go when I arrive for a carry-out order.  

Of the items I've ordered those times, the curries have been phenomenal, as has the spicy eggplant entree.   I wish I could explain what makes the eggplant there stand out over other places that I've had similar dishes, but I usually gobble it up so fast there's no time for me to remember any particulars about the dish other than it's absolutely delectable.  I'm also a huge fan of their brown rice option, even though it's $2 extra.   Lucki's brown rice is one of the only in the city that I feel is worth whatever upcharge they want for it.   I'm pretty sure it's not just brown rice but a mix of wild and brown rice.   I also really liked the Rad Na, though my laziness knows no bounds in that I felt like it was a lot of work eating it.   It's truly shameful.   

The only order I wasn't completely thrilled with so far was the Beef Pad See Ewe.  The flavors were nice, but the beef was tough and chewy.   A simple misstep which I can forgive.

I have to admit I almost gave 4 stars instead of 5 for the only thing that has gotten on my nerves a bit with Lucki Thai thus far:   spice consistency.   I started by ordering level 6 and 7 which is my normal go-to at other Thai joints, but didn't find them spicy enough.   I've now settled on an 8, which at most places would feel like it was burning a hole in my esophagus with each swallow.   Getting delivery a few weeks ago and ordering an 8, it had literally ZERO spice.  It actually might have gotten into the negatives.   It's quite frustrating because I suspect if I move into the 9-10 category the chef stops even paying attention and probably just dumps a whole barrel of ghost chiles into the pan.   WHAT'S MY NEXT MOVE HERE?

But alas, the service and food are simply too good even with that inconsistenci.  Sorry I couldn't resist.