Remember 98 South Wine Bar?... or the 2nd 98 South Wine Bar?... or Fat Cat?  That space in Downtown Chandler has a new tenant, and they seem like a keeper.  DC Steak House is a rarity in Phoenix; a mid-priced, independent steak houses in a sea of chain restaurants and a la carte wallet busters.

Looks:  Well, it does look fairly similar to the previous restaurants, except they changed the bar area and the art.  I like it.  It's elegant and not too dark or too partitioned.  There's a mural on one wall that I think the owner painted.  The place is a nice addition to Downtown, which is still fighting off the urban sprawl of mega-chains.

Crowd:  Seemed happening, although it was Opening Night.  A wide mix of young and old.

Food:  My eye was drawn to the large selection of fish, but I decided to go with steak at a steak house.  The salad was solid.  I especially liked the Italian dressing with a little Feta cheese in it.  Bread was OK.  My steak was great, tender, flavorful, and perfectly cooked.  Served with a (undercooked) baked potato, and sauteed mushrooms.  My friend ordered the walleye.  I was a big fan, but he said it was a little bland compared to what he catches in Minnesota.  Maybe that was a fish story.

Value:  Here's where I thought this place shined.  Meals were in the $18-30 range, including salad and potato.  They have $10 sandwiches, too, but they're not served on Fri/Sat until after 9pm.  Seems fair.

Service:  Service was slow, although it was Opening Night.  They also screwed up my friend's appetizer, serving him the wrong kind of wing sauce.  However, the people could not have been nicer.  The owner apologized and bought us desserts.  (Chocolate Decadence Cake was delicious, although a little rich for my taste.)  Then, the chef came out , shook our hands, and bought us drinks.  I felt like I was in a place where people would remember my name, even though they surely won't.

Miscellaneous:  A lot of decisions haven't been made yet.  Will they serve lunch?  What will they do for happy hour? (a crucial decision in my mind.)  Even the menu will likely vary in the coming months.

Verdict:  I don't go out for steaks often, even reasonably priced ones, but I'll definitely be back to DC Steakhouse to see my new "friends."  I've got my eye on the steak sandwich for next time.