My husband and I drove by Rani's a couple weeks ago and he said, "International Market? That looks interesting."  So I made a note to check it out on Yelp later.  After reading the reviews I channeled Liz Lemon and exclaimed, "$6 vegetarian Indian food? I want to go to there!"

So that is how we wound up at Rani's.  I immediately went to the counter and ordered a thali and paneer paratha (I'm a sucker for paneer), and the cute lil lady behind the counter proceeded to give me an Indian sweet to have while I waited.  She brought out our thali, which consisted of 2 roti, rice, dal, pickles, okra, an aloo-gobi-type yumminess, and I believe kofta (veggie dumplings).  The cute lil lady was feeling generous and also gave us a tomato soup with paneer in it.  Definite bonus points.

Everything was fantastic, although I was expecting a little more paneer flavor to my paratha.  This place is very casual, which I really like about it.  Don't come in expecting the same food that you would get at a sit-down Indian restaurant; instead, expect the kind of food you would get if you were invited to a grandma's kitchen.

After we filled our bellies, we wandered through the aisles of the immaculately clean grocery store.  I hadn't planned on buying anything, but when I found garam masala for super cheap, and black salt that I had been looking for everywhere and couldn't find, and a giant bag of arrowroot powder for a couple bucks (normally $6-$12 for a tiny jar anywhere else)....well you get the picture.  Anything you would need for a well-stocked Indian pantry is here, and then some.    There's also mint and tamarind sauces, bottled lassis, naan, and huge blocks of paneer.  Trust me when I say I seriously considered buying all the above to snack on at home.

I considered giving this place 4 stars, because we went back a couple days later and the food was cold and missing that extra special love like we had the first time.  But it was a Friday evening and there was an Indian soap opera on the TV I think we interrupted....So, obviously, I can't blame them.