Came here with a group of 20+ to see Morgan Page on 11/30/12.

Arrival: Got to the club around 11pm. Getting to the club was simple, took only around 15 minutes from the car to the lines (and that included a bit of pre-gaming)! 

Entry: Got my entire group on a guestlist with a 1:1 (guy/girl) comp until midnight. Sign up on their website and you will get a text back if you have been put on. The entry line was confusing as hell, with at least 4 different lines (staff, promoter, general, VIP). There was an open bar for ladies from 11-12 so things were a bit rushed. This came back to bite me in the ass as I made the mistake of leaving my guestlist line for the shorter staff entry line. Members of my group were with this female staff member who said could get us all free in even though our guy:girl ratio had more guys. I spoke with her personally to make sure of it before I left my line. Well...SHE LIED! The bouncers upfront simply took the first equal ratio of guys:girls, leaving me and another guy stuck paying $40 entry. My girlfriend was not pleased with the fact that one of my other group members (who came stag) got in for free and I didn't. Whatever, lesson learned. Don't rush in. Don't be tempted by an open bar or a shorter line. Stick with guestlist if you're approved. Make sure your group ratio is even or favors girls. Don't listen to otherwise!

Club Layout: The club itself is very nice. Not quite as grand or spacious as XS next door, but a beautiful venue nonetheless. Main dance floor is average sized. It was spacious enough so that we didn't feel like canned sardines and had adequate room to dance. There are no stairs or steps to climb, a la Marquee, so ladies will appreciate this. The main room is flanked by a large tent-like area and the outdoor wading pool/patio area. The easiest accessible restrooms are outside as well (the indoor one gets crowded). The outdoor area is ideal for those who want to socialize more, take pictures, take a breather, etc. It's beautiful.

Bar: The indoor bar layout is terrible. There was maybe 10 feet between the bar and the backs of the booths for those who got tables. This 10 feet also serves as the main walkway to get to the tent and outdoor area. Not so surprisingly, there is a lot of pushing, bouncers shining lights and telling you to move, and it worst of all: it takes forever to get a drink! I said before to not by tempted by an open bar for ladies and here's why: this is the only bar ladies can get free drinks from! On top of that, ladies can only get one drink at a time! So ladies, if you planned to be here for an hour and get drunk or pass drinks to the guys, you'll be disappointed.The outdoor bar nudged in between the tent/outdoor area is empty and stress-free compared to the one inside, so I would recommend buying drinks from here. Drinks were typical Vegas prices so expect in the neighborhood of $15 per.

Overall, I had a great experience at Surrender. The club was beautiful, my group had a blast, and Morgan Page (and his opener) rocked it! Learn from my mistake, stay away from the indoor bar, and come with great people and you will have one memorable night! 4/5.