It use to be that when I have my annual vacation to Vegas with either my girlfriends or husband, Koi was the place to go to get my sushi needs. 

Ever since I went to Social House, I certainly changed my mind about going to Koi again!  

My girl friend and I went to Social House last Saturday a little before 5, before the restaurant opened for dinner.  The host was very friendly and informed us that the restaurant was not opened for dinner yet.  My girl friend and I each had a a cocktail while we waited.  Wow! I loved their "Socialite" cocktail and my girlfriend was amazed by their "lycheetini".  Both drinks were incredible!! This definitely gave us a boost of confidence about the meal we were about to have. 

When it was time for dinner we picked a bottle of sparkling sake called "hana awaka"....it was sincerely the best sparkling sake we've ever had.  It was a little pricey (then again, what's not pricey in Vegas?) but it was definitely an amazing experience to try something new! 

The food, oh the food was just so incredible.  My favorites were hamachi jalapeno, hamachi tartar, miso cod lettuce cups, and uni.  All of the dishes have nice portion since it's meant to be shared, which I thought was a great concept!  The food was just so fresh and nicely flavored we actually ordered some dishes again!  My girl friend and I were definitely in sushi heaven.  

Everyone in the restaurant were extremely friendly and seemed genuinely happy to be working there.  The manager came to ask us twice to see if we were satisfied with the food and if we were having a good time.  My water never went below half empty as the water and busboy constantly refills it as soon as I drank some.  For someone who drinks a lot of water with my meal and so I'm constantly asking for more water, this is a huge plus for me.   

The ambiance was amazing.  We enjoyed the trendy music but it was not too loud we couldn't hear our own conversation. 

Overall, we had an incredible experience dining at social house.  It was such a fantastic meal my girl friend and I were still talking about it half an house after we walked out of the restaurant!  This is definitely one place we have to visit every time we go to Vegas!