7/15/17. Came to Vegas to celebrate a milestone birthday - and Saturday just seemed to want us to be at Encore Beach Club the entire day/night. First, we attended Diplo, with some promoter price tickets for the guys and the ladies on a free list. Came around 11 to avoid the line - easy-peasy. We ate there, while letting the sunscreen dry, then spent the whole afternoon dancing and splashing. The staff was great, the people as well-  there was hard partying but no fights or any such ratchetness, just people from all over having the time of our lives. The rave-booty was twerk-tacular. There were spankings. The bartenders seemed to be having more fun than the people drinking. All I saw were smiles. You could see Diplo from any of the pools, except perhaps the front middle as people stand and dance in front of the DJ. We danced with our group of 8 (4 couples) and met plenty of nice people. 

As more of my group came in from all over, we came back for Marshmello Saturday night (Nightswim!), whom I hadn't seen since EDC last year. We got a great table on a lily-pad off the pool (not on the pool) just in case there was gratuitous splashing, we'd want a dry drinking spot haha. Our view was fantastic, table was perfect, the VIP even invited us into the small VIP pool behind us. 

We got a great package that started with 2 magnums of grey goose, which did great for our group. I was impressed how they handled both my large group (12 on table, 14 total that night) and the speed-bump of my credit-card declining as I forgot to tell the bank I was leaving the state. My Host Alexia, beholder of a supernatural beauty, waited patiently and kindly while I called the card and had them over-ride the security hold. She was calm and pleasant, and simply said "this happens all the time." (This was in stark contrast to the treatment at Omnia the night before where the bartender threatened to have my friend arrested when his card declined). 

Alexia and her runner, damn I totally forgot his name (even he was a really nice guy), treated us incredibly well. She came back and poured drinks throughout the night, not just the obligatory first round. They also made sure we stayed hydrated! Super important when it's 100 at night. They gave us just the right amount of attention and class. 

Thank you guys, and special thanks to Alvin for the rockstar treatment at the door. Saturday night was the cherry on top of my birthday weekend!! Truly I don't expect anything less from Encore/Wynn (XS, Surrender/Encore Beach Club) - I never get anything less than the best experience there, over the span of years that I have both attended with tickets and tables. They are the best, they will always be the best. 

Thanks again! :-)