Nestled in what is (for now) a relatively sleepy corner of Downtown, Urban Bodega (aka URBO) feels like something of a throwback to some of the small convenience stores I used to see line the Roosevelt Row neighborhood.  Back when Downtown was still a neighborhood where only the most diehard entrepreneurs dared to tread, you could find one of these small neighborhood shops selling everything from wine and beer, to snacks, to cooking essentials, and even a few household cleaning items.  The relatively new Pure Fillmore apartment complex is currently the first of what will undoubtedly be many new apartment and condo complexes lining 7th Avenue in Downtown.  But for now, the nearest full sized grocery store requires a car.  All the more reason URBO's location makes sense.

You'll find URBO on the bottom floor of the Pure Fillmore Apartments on Fillmore Street just east of 7th Avenue.  The brainchild of DeSoto Central Market alum Shawn Connelly, you enter here through the front patio area (where there's seating for eight by the way).  Inside, its a whole lot of stuff mixed into a small space.  Behind the counter, you can get coffee, tea, or even a sandwich made on the spot.  In front of the counter, it's essentially a small independent convenience store with many of the things you'd expect.  Candy bars, meds, condiments, snacks, microwavable items, beer, wine, soda, as well as odds and ends like tissue paper, shampoo, and storage bags.  I can well imagine some Downtown college students living in the apartments upstairs too hung over or too tired to drive two miles to Safeway and instead opting for a stop here.

For my first stop here on a Saturday morning, I opted to get a quick morning pick me up.  A tea and a sandwich.  I got their Salted Caramel Iced Tea (also available hot) and their Turkey Sausage Egg & Cheese sandwich on an english muffin.  Both made to order.  Total cost including tax: $10.  Now to be fair, they prepared the sandwich in part using a microwave so we're not talking gourmet here.  Still, the sandwich hit the spot and the sausage in particular was very tasty.  I was also very happy with the tea.  Almost tasted like a southern style sweet tea of sorts with those caramel accents.  A solid breakfast.

So there you have it.  A locally owned business filling a need in an emerging neighborhood.  Nothing pretentious.  Just a good, straight forward, progressive independent convenience store.  Even if you don't live in this quiet corner of Downtown, its worth a look.  Or a sip and bite and it was in my case.