Loved this place!

The food was very good and the drinks were fantastic but more importantly the service was outstanding.

We all started with cocktails - Margaritas and Mojitos.  The Margarita was made with bourbon and rimed with crushed bacon and salt (yes I said bacon).  The Mojitos were fresh and minty.  The one thing I we all really like about the drinks was that they were not too sweet.  

We ordered two apps for the table - Lobster Fritters and Braised beef short rib poutine.  OMG the poutine was out of this world!!  The fritters were good but there was no lobster flavor.  I think next time I would just order the vegetable fritters.

For mains we had fried fish tacos, steak burrito, jambalaya and grilled pork chop with red potato salad.  The jambalaya and the pork chop were features. The burritos was very nice.  The steak was a nice medium rare and it came with guacamole and lime crema.  Fish Tacos were delish!  The corn tortillas really make a difference.  The pork chop feature was really good.  My friend found it to be a little fatty but for those of us who love pork fat it was perfect.  The only dish that fell short was the Jambalya.  The sausage in the dish had great flavor but the overall dish didn't seem to come together.  

You would think by now we would be full but we sucked it up and ordered dessert. Two sweet potato pies, beignets and a Patron creme brulee.  My word it was good. The sweet potato pie was more of a bread pudding with a bourbon carmel sauce.  The creme brulee was one of the best I've had - it had a lovely fresh citrus flavor.  The beignets were tougher than I expected but still good.

I would like to point something out about this place.  No the food isn't cheap but the quality of the ingredients justifies the cost.  Our meal with tax and tip was $200 (for four).  The food was really good but what sets them apart is the service.  The restuarant was fairly busy and there was only one waiter who had the assitance of the owners Amy and Albert.  Yes there were times when we seemed to be waiting awhile for things but they made sure that we never felt forgotton.  They went out of their way to talk to us and make us feel welcome.  I've been to some really nice restaurants and had some incredible food but I've never been made to feel as welcome as did at The Combine Eatery.