I dined at P.J.'s last weekend.  I had heard many great things about their food and service, so I had to check it out.  I like the atmosphere of the restaurant and that they have a little pseudo patio as well.  It was nice sitting out there and people watching all of the crazy people who come through the Forum Shops.  Our server was very friendly, but did seem a little awkward and didn't make a lot of eye contact.  His recommendations were spot on and we enjoyed all of our food.  I over heard other servers asking tables where they were from, and it was a little overboard.  EVERY person who came to a table asked that question.  The poor table next to us must've answered 15 times.  Here is a little tip: if the hostess asks, she should then communicate it to the server. So when the server approaches the table he/she can say "hey, I heard you are visiting from ____, welcome!" Much more personal.

Anyhow, on to the food!!

We started out sharing the french onion soup, a caesar salad and the tater tots.  All were delicious.  The croutons were homemade on the salad and very flavorful.  The soup was served in a litte crock and was very cheesy.  The tater tots were not my favorite in town, but they are still good.  They are homemade and served with tomato jelly instead of ketchup.

Main Course:  I had the delmonico ribeye, oscar style.  The steak was done perfectly and the crab meat and bernaise were amazing.  I could barely eat 1/2 of my meat!  My guest had the lobster mac n' cheese, which is very different, but very delicious.  There was plenty of lobster meat and it was a large portion.  There was spinach, mushrooms and other things mixed in, which is different.

We had a side of asparagus, which was amazing.  Cooked perfectly al dente.  We also had the "canon" potato on the side, upon recommenation from our server.  I am SO glad I tried this.  It is actually an English food called "bubble and squeak." Mashed potatoes are sauteed with bacon and chopped cabbage and then topped with a cheese sauce.  Sounds strange, but it was a great combination!  I would go back for that dish alone.

For dessert we shared the fresh apple cobbler topped with cinammon ice cream.  It was warm and delicious, like an apple pie fresh out of the oven.

Overall, I love the place.  They have a raw bar that often has happy hour specials for $1 oysters.  It is not too casual, but also not fussy.  Everyone is very friendly and welcoming and the food is great!