Picture Homer Simpson when he sees something really delicious that he wants to eat.  His eyes close a bit, his mouth waters profusely, and he makes that mouthwatering gargling sound.  Do you have the image in your head?  Well, that's probably me exactly when I think about eating at Jimmy's!  It's so delicious that whenever I think about it, I have an instant craving!

The amount of food you get for the price is unbelievable!  The donairs and shawarmas are so big I struggle to finish one.  Even when I'm stuffed to the brim, I can't bring myself to throw any away, so I always make myself sick by force feeding the remaining wrap into my mouth.  I wouldn't for one second dream of wasting a Jimmy donair.  I know that everyone who goes here will all be saying the same thing: it's so delicious and marvelous that nothing else will ever be satisfying again!

The first time I went in here I had no clue what I was doing or what I wanted to eat.  Lucky for me, Jimmy was behind the counter serving people and he pointed me in the right direction of something yummy.  He was super friendly and extremely helpful.  Don't tell Jimmy but I kind of have a little crush on him.  Maybe that's why I keep going back.  Nah, it's because of how fantastic the food is.

Besides the donairs and shawarmas, they also have a bunch of little desserts you can buy.  There is a whole display of baklava and other yummy looking treats.  Along with the food, Jimmy's is also a great place to go if you want to buy some shisha or hookah pipes.  They have a large assortment of different sizes and shapes, and all the flavours that you can imagine smoking.

I seriously love Jimmy's so much.  I miss the days when a friend used to live behind the store and we ate there almost everyday.  Now I have to go a little out of my way to get there, but it's totally worth it every time.  I love Jimmy's so much and I'm positive that everyone who goes there loves it too.  It's just one of those awesome finds that everyone in the world should know about.  *insert Homer Simpson drooling here*