Active Renter manages all my property in Phoenix/Scottsdale.  I chose them over several other companies because they are honest, hard-working individuals who operate their business with integrity and professionalism.  They manage my property so well I never have to worry about the details.  And as an out-of-state property owner, I don't want to worry and have extra hassles!  They take care of everything, every step of the way.  Their communications are clear, concise, timely, and professional.  I will never switch and go to another company because I am so convinced I am getting honest and impeccable service from Active Renter, at a very reasonable cost.

As for the tenants who are complaining, I am hard-pressed to believe that Rich and the entire Active Renter crew have treated anyone poorly or have not serviced rentals in a timely manner. There are also people who tear up property (not their property!!) and then complain when they get billed for all the damages.  These are probably the same tenants who punch holes in dry wall, steal furnaces (who DOES that!?!?!?!), damage landscaping, tear up concrete driveways, etc.  - and then later complain when they are held accountable for the damages they created.  It's said that people who have negative comments are much more likely to post a review than people with positive comments - on a 9 to 1 basis!  So for every complaint, remember there are dozens, hundreds, perhaps even thousands of individuals who have wonderfully positive things to say about Active Renter, but just don't take the time to post a review.

From either the property management or the leasing side, I don't think you'll get better service anywhere than Active Renter provides.  I would recommend them - WITHOUT RESERVATION - to any family member, friend, and/or colleague.  They are the best in the business and their high rate of growth is proof positive they are the best property management company around.  You can't go wrong with Active Renter.  They are the real deal.

If I could give them 10 stars, I would!  They are that awesome!

P. S.  And I just have to add that the individuals who are posting negative comments sound childish and immature in their reviews.  Resorting to name-calling (snake with legs!?!?!?!?!) and foul language is a sure sign of someone throwing a tantrum when asked to be accountable for their actions.  Look at their other reviews and you might see a pattern.