I have been here date nights or causal wine sipping numerous times since they have opened not even a month ago.

I'm very impressed with The Sparklings.
I waited months and months for it to open and even asked "when are you opening" to a construction worker once :)

It is truly amazing the remodel that was done inside of this building. The inside used to have private hibachi rooms for goodness sake. 

The ambiance of the former sushi joint 
is now an updated and posh Martha Stewart worthy lounge. Whatever the hell that means, I just made it up. Sounds weird huh? Just look at the pics it's truly lovely. The chandelier that everyone takes pics of and talks about is magical.

The menu is a more causal (Sage like) menu. Modern American Fusion? Who cares about the title. It's just good food. 

We have not ordered entrees here YET because we have already had dinner or were on our way to dinner on our visits. 

They said that they can accommodate to vegan for us no problem. I look forward to a pasta or a special custom creation. The items that we have had (so far) are very good.

Portobello fries, flat bread, salads....wine, wine, and more wine :)

The service is super accommodating, almost too much service. I guess because they are newer they want to help and help a lot. Lol. 
The over-service was only in the dining area. In the lounge the service is perfect.

I truly love the way the did the garage door in the lounge and the way the patio area looks.

I really want to sit in that left hand side back lounge booth with a ton of people. It's really soooo big it could fit 10+++ people. I love it. Their left side dining area private table would make a large gathering super fun.  

I will update when we order full entrees and remember to take more pics since we are here soo much. 

Just go, it's a marvelous addition to the beautiful SW area. I am proud to be a regular.  
 
Oh and hubby said no I could not redecorate our whole house like the inside of The Sparklings :(((((((;

;)