From the moment I walked in to the shop the people and service were more than AMAZING and just life saving to this lost puppy! I'm from California and was in Vegas for the weekend with my family, needless to say trip was less than a celebration. Friday night when arriving to our hotel thankfully that's were car gave out. It overheated and just died in the middle of parking lot stopping traffic as it was in the way to parking structure. AAA very quickly arrived  as I explained the situation, towed my car to a parking space. Advice to have it towed to a mechanic first thing in the morning to get it checked; he provided two shops info to contact them in the morning as he knew lots of shops weren't open on the weekends. As soon as I woke up Saturday at 7am, I started calling the shops with no luck since they weren't opening till 8am, finally I got a hold of the closest shop to my hotel and they sadly told me they weren't able to assist me until sometime next week that wasn't doable or an option for me since I only had reservations till Sunday and had to get home by Sunday. So I went down the list of approved AAA shops and got a hold of Imperial Auto & Truck Service and I can't recalled who answered the phone but he was very polite and pleasant and did tell me that I could bring in the car but couldn't guarantee to have it fix today. I walked in the shop like a lost puppy not knowing where to go but as soon as I approach the front desk here came Ariel (my angel) she was so nice and could see my desperation in my face to the point where I broke down crying feeling helpless, she came around and hugged me offering me comfort. She got up to talk to the owner Loren who then came and introduced himself and same as Ariel tried to comfort me introducing me to the whole staff; he said they were gonna take a look at my car and keep me posted. Ariel and Drew the other owner of the shop both kept me updated on the progress of my car. I felt like a fool, I couldn't stop crying, but they all made me feel better even offered me tacos as it was their lunch time and stayed opened past their business hours to make sure I was gonna be driving home Sunday! And I did! Talk about customer service! I can honesty say they are all one happy Family like Drew one of the owners told me that day trying to comfort me.. you guys saved my disaster of birthday weekend, thanks to you guys I was able to enjoy the rest of my weekend with my son and my mom! I only wish you guys were closer because I would definitely be your loyal customer! Thank you again!