This is going to be long...I'm sooo satisfied with the customer service my boyfriend and I received from Jesus! Our stroller was bought as a gift online for $560. Now it was online for $399 so I called the Target.com phone number since the stroller was purchased online and asked for a price adjustment. They said I would have to put my stroller back in the box, return it in store or mail it back, & repurchase online to get the credit & they would ship me another stroller. Kind of a hassle but I thought $160+ was worth it. So when I got off work, I look up the stroller online to make sure it's still available and it is NOWHERE to be found on the Target website. I call the online number, spoke to 2 different people and both said I could purchase through the phone at the price I saw online, $399. So I box the stroller back up, drive to my nearest Target, explain to Jesus & what does he do? Dismiss everything I explained, he asks me to login to my registry, scans the stroller box & says, "Whoa! That's a lot of money!" Refunds to a gift card $611.48, scans it again, tells me it's now $279.96. I was like, "okay!" Obviously I wasn't going to argue with that price when I was originally going for the "$399.99" price. Lol He hands me my gift card and tells me, you have a credit of $308.84 left on the gift card. I thank him and we walk out with our stroller. Definitely a big score! I had been dreading the inconvenience of having to wait to get my other stroller in the mail. So walking out with my same stroller was awesome. I went home and set it up again & I also ended up purchasing our baby monitor and glider from the Target website with the credit we received. I could not be happier. :)

About 3 days later, I walked in to return a baby bath tub for store credit. I received 5 for my baby shower so I was looking to see where some had been purchased since I hadn't gotten gift receipts. Once again, Jesus helped me out. Super friendly, super fast, no hassles! 

Keep up the good work Jesus!