POP was just what I needed on the first 3 digit day in Vegas yesterday! Situated in the corner of a large strip mall on Fort Apache, I was across the street for a lash appointment and decided to make a pit stop at Hobby Lobby. Felt parched and walked into Pop thinking it was a bubble tea joint, nope definitely not that - as the name implies it's pop for my midwesterners. Not just any old pop, speciality drinks made with pop. 

Such a simple concept honestly, but very well thought out and executed. I'm not much of a pop drinker, after all I counsel against it. But every once in a while I'll give myself the option, luckily it's not something I crave. Initially it was the feeling that I had walked into the place assuming it was something else but felt odd walking out. I got to looking at the menu and looking back outside at the sun beaming down and thought I'd give it a whirl. Have to say, I will be back!

Soda is used as a base ingredient to craft a drink. So if you create your own you choose a size, pick your soda (or tea for my healthies), pick your add ins. I appreciate that they have an XS size which for me was truly a S. Great for portion control people! Then they have a menu with fool proof recipes created for us. I chose the Jojo because I enjoy Dr. Pepper and substituted the coconut cream for vanilla cream. Yum! They also have a secret menu (see picture - white) of drink creations and needless to say I was overwhelmed with options. Finally, they have a foods fo pair alongside your beverages, popcorn and cookies. A kids menu per say - an XXS drink (12 oz) with kid size popcorn. Also, got beverages, coffee/hot chocolate. 

Aside from my beverage being delicious, I appreciated the service. It's a very simple concept so to speak, so the fact that the employee took his time to talk me through the menu was above and beyond. The pricing was right! The shop has ample seating, parking. You get a stamp card for return visits. I wasn't told explicitly about a guarantee but I'm sure my drink would've been remade had I not liked it. 

I was told they have another location, Silverado Ranch. Will most definitely be going back and recommending on a hot, hot day!